McCoy Weekes ,5/1/2024,"Wednesday, Summer cast, Stage Performer","Today has been very weird and different than what I was expecting. Heading to the airport was surreal. When going through security I got asked, “where you headed elder?” Which was super weird to be called an elder. I responded Nauvoo Illinois. And I could feel in my heart that that was where I needed to be and that the lord was with me. Meeting all the other missionaries that were flying with me was very exciting. We spoke for quite a while just getting to know each other. Elder Hall has been a NPM before so it was cool to hear about what had changed since he last served and what he was looking forward to.In the salt lake airport we meet an elderly couple that was headed to Hawaii for their mission. And coincidentally they knew the couple before the Furchs took over. So that was awesome. It’s bizarre being called elder so often because I’ve only been one for less than a day. Yet I’ve been called Elder Weekes more than my first name. Dad how the heck did you know I needed to be reminded about the articles of faith. For context: on our way to the airport my dad told us a story about how right out of the mtc and on his way to the mission field he was asked,”So what do you guys believe in?” And he was able to pull up the articles of faith and teach someone on the plane. I literally had this exact experience on my flight to St. Louis. Which is super crazy cool. She looked over at me and said, “Excuse me but I was just curious what do mormons believe in?” And I had this really big aha moment and practically fell onto my backpack trying to get out my Book of Mormon to show her the articles of faith. It was my first official missionary moment and the feelings of the spirit after where incredible. She also had great insight on baptism. She calls it being saved. Which I absolutely love. It also relates to the sacrament because we are renewing those baptismal covenants every time we partake, so each week we are being saved again.Meeting all the other missionaries was so chaotic and fun! We then got separated into our districts and we also met our companions! The ride to nauvoo while long was very entertaining. We went over the songs and lines from other shows. Finally after we had made it to nauvoo we had a big group dinner and were given final instructions. The best part was that all the leaders did a big music number for us which really helped everyone relax and feel welcome in the new environment. Then after we got organized we headed off to our district houses and began exploring all the quirks. My districts was definitely the best as we could see the nauvoo temple from most windows in the house. ",id=17mCi4ZOI1GqARy9IHCE_qE66gPT_-YeE$%$Sister Blair,5/2/2024,"Thursday, Summer, Stage","Today was our first full day! All of us sisters in the Hatch house got up and we all did personal study out in the living room. It was so cute! We had an orientation meeting, a group lunch outside, and then we went grocery shopping. We bought so much stuff and then it was pouring rain when put our stuff in the trunk! Later that night we had our first rehearsal! We sang in the West Theater. Everyone is so talented! I was feeling so excited to put these shoes together with these amazing people!!! We were rehearsing “Woah Haw Buck and Jerry Boy” and when the line “Do you know what an ox is?” came up, Elder Stephani went into this in-depth history of oxen just on the top of his head! It was beyond funny! He was like, “The most common domesticated ox was the water buffalo used in far east Asia to plow the swampy fields so they could use them for the sowing of the rice crops. But the practice moved west with the silk trade and was then common in Europe as well.” Then he changed to a deep southern accent and said, “Soooo… one of em’s named Buck and the other’s Jerry Boy.” I died.",id=1xgbQmBoTgD-CAaUrFMOdb41VPmwSochX$%$Jonah Larsen,5/3/2024,"Friday, Summer, Stage","The men tried on their costumes for the first day today! Elder Hardy and I didn’t bother putting our shoes on because the pants reached past our feet! The rest of the day was spent practicing, practicing, and practicing. Just to make sure we didn’t get too worn out, we occasionally would take a break and just practice. For HOZ we ran a couple shows in the Cultural Hall, which was very cool, very sick, very nice.",id=1jJwBNxfd05d-yyfb6ztlSt3TEXGpu9oe$%$Elder Larry Lunt,5/4/2024,Saturday May 4 2024,"The Nauvoo Performing Missionaries are now in Nauvoo for their first weekend and It is a day where Sister Lunt is working on sewing the alterations for the Sisters Dresses and the Elders pants and shirts and other items.  I am helping in ways that I can by handing her what she needs and keeping things organized so we can deliver the clothing to the correct missionaries.  Also loading things in the car, keeping Sister Lunt hydrated and feed.  The goal for the alterations and sewing was to have everything back to you before Monday’s meeting in the Red Brick Store with President and Sister Muer.See the picture of our apartment in Nauvoo with all of the sewing items.  I have highlighted Sister Lunt with the yellow circle.  It was a full day and before the day was over all of the Band, Tech and Stage Elders and Sisters had clothes ready for the service you will offer while you are serving in Nauvoo, in the Illinios Historical Sites Mission.  It is work and a blessing to be serving the Lord as we serve each of you and then in turn you serve and bless all those who come to Nauvoo.It was so fun to see each of you on Monday at the devotional with President and Sister Muer at the Red Brick Store!  We loved seeing your excitement as you took pictures at the Red Brick Store with Districts, Companions and with all the missionaries together!We love being here in Nauvoo as missionaries! The time will go by so fast, so we cherish and relish each day we are here! May the fourth be with you!Elder Lunt",id=1ux4Q3UVDy51Qh2cBcHhldxyE-uwdpS2S$%$Elder Aaron Brenchley ,5/5/2024,Sunday May 5th. Band,"Today we had a very spiritual fast and testimony meeting in church, after which was able to go to Carthage Jail. But little did I know that I would be singing in the place of my fourth great grandfather John Taylor while within the jail. The spirit so strong it seemed to be tangible. Upon our return the rest of the day was spent practicing for the Love of the Savior concert.","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1D1phPU7iF80I93L8hons17ZFYVAlHR-p, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ZCdpCiFfE9ORfE_UqWH96SyuORC_A1Ym, https://drive.google.com/open?id=12IpcSbtnbIZph0cBkt7F7uFC8rUoPTeZ, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1djPe9yHl02eH0xcPdfEtFdzq_ynWCPjO, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1htYK76v8-Ik9lh-DTnbZ88XNzug2qOpU, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1gwX4qxYlZSWzBYJdCzlXRbY9TJgMyNYm, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Nu5ChvhWVdarILagJPyFLcuK7_bXpmAy, https://drive.google.com/open?id=11IP8nAMGQxkeXHTXPqNpW1eXfREv0X80, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1HY3Gzz404JPiu7mbsX8SI3sCceGme2O6"$%$Rebecca Shaw,5/6/2024,"Summer, Stage","I loved President and Sister Mehr’s devotional about the power of God on earth, the priesthood. I had never thought about a lot of the terms they discussed such as the difference between priesthood offices and priesthood authority. I loved the powerful spirit that I felt when Sister Mehr testified of the literal power of God that we can exercise as missionaries and the authority we are given to do that. I’m so so grateful for the grace of God that he bestows on his imperfect, yet willing servants, to exercise that sacred power.",id=1GTfaa9HNF1T-tV98_HoubVQzqlgLyoVR$%$Amy Heywood,5/7/2024,"Tuesday, Summer Cast, Stage Sister","Today when we were staging Remembering Joseph I was given the opportunity to portray Emma Smith. As we staged some interactions between her and Joseph as well as a sweet dance, I kept thinking about their beautiful relationship and how strong of a woman Emma really was. Both she and Joseph knew God and they loved Him. They were called to do incredibly hard things and they endured so much hardship with faith and humility. I am inspired by both of them everyday.Early in the morning, my companion Sister Bennett, Sister West, and I all went on a run to the temple and back but we stopped for a minute and just walked around the grounds. It was so touching to be there wearing our missionary tags and being so close to a building that was built by people who fought and suffered to bring us this beautiful church that we now get to serve for. They truly loved and trusted God just like I do. Now I am dedicating my next 3 months in Nauvoo and then an additional 18 months in San Jose, California, to Him. I hope that my conviction and trust in God can grow as I stand as a witness of Him and also learn more about the lives of the Saints who did just that. They were the first missionaries and now I am following in their footsteps - adding my place in history too. I loved feeling their faith and strengths as well as my important role as God’s missionary as I look at that beautiful building. Other things that happened today included, a band concert tech rehearsal and Women of Nauvoo staging rehearsal with Sister Rampton. She is the bomb!! I loved working with her! Her focus on who these women truly were and how we could best portray them, was so touching and inspiring. These pioneer women continue to be examples of what the Relief Society stands for even today. I am grateful to be a part of this wonderful organization centered around charity, the pure love of Christ, and for the opportunity that I have to teach others about how it came to be.I am so grateful to be here in Nauvoo with so many wonderful people and surrounded by God’s beautiful creations. Nauvoo truly is a BEAUTIFUL CITY!!","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1agUEc1AZmrsCpWRmjWw-LweR5Hi5JFWG, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1yMuQ9kSZ-VQ7VR4ih-vNiBQLd2R5PygN, https://drive.google.com/open?id=19qo7Mm6oKPxifVZBbv8yfnG9Nm2XptBA, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1wVTT5ktxk66JsRkkALzTmse0_AfV7JHk"$%$Sister Eva Harmon,5/8/2024,"Wednesday May 8, 2024 | Summer Cast | Violin Sisters","I love being a performing missionary in Nauvoo!! It has been the most beautiful experience for me. And I’ve learned so much! I woke up on May 8, 2024 and immediately pulled a muscle in my neck! I’ve had this happen before so I knew what to do, but I also knew that I might have to deal with it for a couple of days. I also had the most extreme “allergies” that I’ve had in a long time! I cracked a couple of jokes about my experience like “I’m Sister Sneezy!” And “I have a stiff neck, I think Lord is trying to teach me to have some humility and not be so stiff necked.” But I actually think that I needed to have this experience to learn about our Father in Heaven. So here is part two of my experience- The Part Where I Gained More Testimony. The next day, I woke up and soon discovered that my “allergies” were not just allergies. I was getting sick. The whole day, I felt drained and could not put my all into my rehearsing. I did my best but needed some help in order to be ready for the busy schedule the next day. So I asked for a blessing. I don’t think I can accurately describe how strong the spirit was. Or how powerfully I felt of God’s love for all of his children, but especially for me in that moment. And how much he uses the people around us to show us that love.We went from fun, playful laughter and dancing and singing and rehearsing lines, to every inch of the historic Cultural Hall listening to the soft voices of the elders that participated in my blessing.It was so still. And so soft. And yet so obvious and incredibly powerful.The stillness was so full of love and peace that I could not help but cry immediately. Before the oil was anointed, before the blessing started, before they could even double check my full name.The blessing was beautiful. These elders have only known me for about 2 weeks. There is no way on the entire green earth that they could have known what to say in the blessing that would provide me the comfort and confidence I needed this week. But, of course, our Father in Heaven absolutely did.Not only was this a blessing of healing so I could participate in the rehearsals the rest of the week, but it was a blessing of comfort to me. A Daughter of God. And a Disciple of Christ.I love blessings. They are REAL! They are so powerful and so so so precious.I’m here today to tell you that blessings from God are unique to you. That God speaks in many ways, and so many personal ways. And one of those ways is through blessings from Heaven through the power of the priesthood.Our shows and vignettes talk about the beauty and power of the priesthood in the lives of our pioneer ancestors, and this was a real life, present day, example of the realness of this power.Don’t be afraid to receive blessings from heaven. Whether it is a blessing of healing, comfort, or patriarchal. All blessings have power. All blessings can provide comfort and testimony of our savior Jesus Christ.I love bring a missionary because even the things that are hard, even sickness and pain, can be a blessing if you let your Father in Heaven show you what he has in store for you.",https://drive.google.com/open?id=19b6QkzygUAOOtKWFzeWMnrJL4Uli2Sru$%$Elder Adam Lemon,5/9/2024," Thursday, Summer Cast, Band","What a beautiful day to be in nauvoo! I've only been here 9 days, but it feels like I've lived here for a long time. We began the day with breakfast as usual. I'm not sure what the other elders did, but my companion and I studied Helaman 12 together and we had a very meaningful discussion about the pride cycle and what it looks like in our lives. We headed out the door and happened to beat the sisters to the pageant building (this is the real highlight of the day) where we rehearse. Rehearsal is really fast paced and entertaining. I don't really remember all the songs we rehearsed but I do recall the clarinets absolutely smashing ""pie in the face polka"". Today a delicious lunch of sloppy joes, potato salad and ice cream was provided for us; a big step up from ham and cheese sandwiches. Curt Ashton from the historic sites division showed up along with some other folks I unfortunately don't remember. I wasn't very hungry so I only had 3 sandwiches. We got back to rehearsal and Elder Ferrin proceeded to spend over an entire hour ranting/having a meaningful discussion :) about design thinking, which was really quite nice because number one it was interesting and number two our faces needed a break from playing. Then we played a bunch of songs in a row. We do that a lot. We went home for dinner and found a herd of cows making a racket outside our house. The tech elders made a delicious dinner of some sort of noodles (I have no idea what to call it but it was good) and we went back to rehearsal and played a bunch of songs until after 8 pm. We do that a lot. Near the end of rehearsal everybody was tired and we couldn't quit laughing about random stuff. Overall today was a fun and productive day. E. ",https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ajbiX2Kvrok5cTUQF19oubZmVM5AUnba$%$Josh Stephani,5/10/2024,"Friday, Summer, Stage","Our morning started with a sendoff for the Nauvoo brass band. They were practicing a new, special vignette, we saw them off on their first rehearsal. After the send off, we traveled to the sunset stage for some song practice. After the first practice, we had a lunch break, and then something so sweet happened. A family wanted to hear us sing, and then after we finished, one of their young boys wanted to sing for us 🥹 he sung I am a Child of God, and it was very tender. After they had talked with us a bit more and left, we began to practice again in earnest, and had auditions for the sunset by the Mississippi melodrama. We didn’t have any women to play the role of sweet sue in the auditions, so we had some elders step in and take charge. Later that day, we worked on cleaning the stage, and sung some songs with the band. It was special to see that when people visit our performances, we come alive and give it our all. I know that our purpose is valiant, and that the spirit we bring to people is real. I know that the stories we talk about; stories of Joseph Smith, and many others, are true. The hand of the lord strengthened us when we performed for those few visitors we had, and will strengthen YOU as you share your testimony of this place through song and dance!","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1tSWo9_4w2L_lJhEJHwvkytBrwsVyYms0, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1t-FwaxusWHiE0iL2EDs_H6y5jzowSwzO, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1a6ZzOVHOnp6jsiKEV3sJ1vUgUDKGJY_V"$%$Sister Catie Garner,5/11/2024,"Saturday, Band","     This morning was our second day on the band wagon! We met lots of visitors from Idaho and from South America. There were no injuries to instruments or people, but we did lose a trombone slide for a moment! The teamsters were so friendly, and the horses for today were Hyrum and Alvin. We also ran into a sweet couple with a tandem bike, and were excited because we’ve loved playing and singing the song “Bicycle Built for Two.”       It’s been incredible to rehearse with fellow disciples of Jesus Christ the last week or so; we’ve laughed and had lots of fun, and we’ve also had many quieter moments when we testified of Christ. I love the special feeling that comes from devoting ourselves and our music to Him, and how music can touch our hearts as well as the hearts of those we perform for.     I know that God has given us the gifts we have for a reason! Everything we have and are comes from Him, and we can express our love by giving it back to Him through serving others. Music has blessed my life immeasurably, and I’m so thankful to be able to give a small piece of that back to others. ","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1O9A1BvBmMnEprBmssKT0KFpyDjLd4SmU, https://drive.google.com/open?id=19LhSTF3Izyn1JoOUWSNd5TyAZEh6ZbK5"$%$Sister Kesler,5/12/2024,Sunday,"Mother’s Day. It was a special day because as always, I heard from all my children. I also got loving hugs from beautiful NPM sisters and so many Happy Mother’s Day greetings from kind NPM elders and other missionary friends. Church was inspiring - a really fun talk by Elder Croxford and another by YSM Anderson. Our Relief Society lesson - taught by Sister Tammy Hunt - was on a great talk by Elder Dushku called Pillars and Rays. I thought how a few people have pillars, lots of people have rays and I seem to have twinkles :) I’m gonna open my eyes wider looking for rays! I also did one of my favorite things - walking through the flower beds in the beautiful women’s garden and taking pictures around the visitors center of the many flower beds.Later in the day Elder Kesler and I drove to St. Louis because we got the privilege of collecting Pyper Foote and Rachel Fonseca! But first, we went to visit the Historic Arch in downtown St. Louis. It was pretty impressive and it was a beautiful, perfect evening. Monday morning after our scripture time, we did a little shopping and then went to the airport. It was fun to scope out the baggage claim area for two young ladies I hadn’t met before. I knew as soon as I saw them who they were! They stood out - they looked wholesome and happy and fun:) I went right over to them and they each gave me a nice hug and seemed genuinely happy to see me. We loved the 3 hour drive back to Nauvoo with them. They’re both awesome!","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1McvFQz7qY8ALHcTFqb7E1v43_wJEpXjz, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Z1DKF72UG7qDXqmztAQIBsyKcOGaY-5y, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1XGCcOUTQZnMmfaoNhkyFj0CRFuSZdM5r, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1JBP0OX84IyfGW6JW_11H-G4c7kXr31D6"$%$Hannah Oman,5/13/2024,"Monday, summer cast, band","Hello, hello, hello!! Sister Oman here. It’s been a fantastic day in Nauvoo. As you know, it’s P-Day, so we started the morning with some yoga and scripture study, quickly followed by games down at the park by the Furch’s house with all of the NPMs. There was frisbee, spike ball, grounders, and dragons. That was whole lot of fun. Elder Maner took quite the dive in an attempt to catch the frisbee for our team. I truly admire the dedication to victory. This was followed by shopping with our band district. Our van is called the Enchilada by the way. She’s a reliable one. After returning home, there was lunch to be eaten and bathrooms to be cleaned. Sister Frei and I both stopped by the Tomb of Joseph Museum that’s not too far from our house and that was a neat experience. What I learned the most from talking with the historians there was that Joseph Smith really loved his family. And I know he’s overjoyed that he gets to live with them forever because of God’s great plan, just like so many other saints before and after his time. Then I had a chat with my family, sat in my favorite spot in the house with my companion and ate a lovely dinner with everyone. I love living with the these people. Then it started to rain right before rehearsal which was such a blessing. There’s nothing quite as nice as a good thunderstorm. We had a lovely rehearsal and we could occasionally hear the stage missionaries practicing in the other room of the Pageant Building. Sounded like we were both having some fun. At the end, we packed up and headed home. We always do district prayer and hugs every morning and evening which is one of my favorite parts of each day. In other news, my mission email is open so I should be getting my call soon!! Over all absolutely fantastic day. Being a missionary is probably the best thing ever. ","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1hkH_Ej3oy7dwhJU3mzolgONOiIigExYH, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1rFgMe4bLIIuLa3RHRUbGYfppKz5G1hxO, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1-4QEd9nf0jZtu19I_aI_FWP4TNRz4tFW, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1GTCnPvf42R6fTpoK2vh1eadtprrDb6O7, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1bOcZypiM__eq_bPvGPuIWVn7jBBLNOu_, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1KozElrsO_UEVniusPwYlGp1gL56ekn3c, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1P3KSuL5FFoP6mRkEfNaaCAeUcqiUB2wD, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ekn3mqH2f9lBB_D-8KjiZOhkAU6nsnNp"$%$Kaylee Smith,5/14/2024,"Tuesday, Summer Cast, Band","Today was a crazy day! A bunch of the performing missionaries went to the temple this morning to do some endowments, so it was so cool to see so many of our friends doing temple service! We had a morning devotional/coordination meeting in the Cultural Hall but since we had the band wagon right after, all of the band sisters had to rush to put on our costumes and gather our instruments right as we finished at the temple.On the band wagon, there was a pretty steady drizzle all throughout the time we were playing around the city, so we didn’t end up seeing too many people walking out and about. There was a school group there, and at one point we played the Chicken Dance for them and got most of the group to join us in dancing it! We always love bringing smiles to people’s faces, whether it’s visitors or the other historic site missionaries!All of us band sisters had been working on a puzzle for the last couple weeks, and we finally finished it today! When we were about to leave for the next rehearsal block, it started pouring rain. We beat the band elders and Elder Ferrin to the Pageant Building and ran around in the rain so by the time the elders got there, we were all pretty soaked. Sister Oman wasn’t wearing a jacket  so she got even more wet than the rest of us! We rehearsed pretty much the rest of the afternoon and evening, however at one point, we snuck over into the stage missionaries’ choreography rehearsal and played the Bluey theme song for them. Sister Oman received her full time mission call today! We all gathered at the 70’s Hall to hear her open it! While we were waiting for people to arrive, we sang “Called to Serve” and “I’ll Go Where You Want Me To Go” and it was such a powerful moment to be able to have all of us raise our voices in song to show our support and excitement for Sister Oman! She got called to the Los Angeles, California mission Spanish speaking and we are all so excited for her! Overall, we had a lovely day and saw many small blessings!",https://drive.google.com/open?id=1SELIApMzLHntJT6BxtCYh3pqhJbScbw4$%$Elder Joshua Cutler,5/15/2024,Wednesday Summer Band Elders,"Today we did our firsts run of Trail of Hope as a Dress rehearsal for the Site missionaries, it was an interesting experience being part of the Quintet that played for them and playing through a number of different Hymn arrangements. Something that stood out to me was a comment made by Elder Furch as he returned from going down the trail — to him it sounded much like this sacred music was coming from all around, rather than just from up at the start of the trail. The thought that comes to me about this is a sort of protective embrace provided by such music as it brings one back to the community of the congregation. This is the way I feel about the use of music in sacrament meetings and what the benefit and power of our hymns can be within church meetings and especially sacrament meetings. I imagine the pioneers as they departed from Nauvoo and how the hymns may of them likely would have sang to keep spirits up may have bolstered them as they traveled west. ",id=1qb7r_ZOY7-jT7ZuVvg5ZVgM09GYvss8X$%$Jordyn Bennett,5/16/2024,"Thursday, Summer Cast, Stage","AHHH Nauvoo is so so fun!!!! We started our day with a morning dance rehearsal for Sunset. In just the morning we learned all of grandmothers feather bed!! This dance is a little hectic cause it has so many lifts and cool tricks at a fast speed but that also makes it super fun! Dancing and rehearsing has brought so many miracles. Each day we are all able to pick up choreography quickly and perform it with enough energy and love. Everyone came to Nauvoo with different dance experience and I know that the Lord is magnifying all of our efforts! He truly watches over, protects, and assists His missionaries in every part of the work that they are doing. I definitely felt this in my life today! During lunch all of the stage sisters came home and we were exhausted!! The entire living room was full of sisters rolling our muscles, stretching, or just lying down on the ground in pain haha Also it was Sister West’s birthday today so we decorated the house, sung to her and had birthday cobbler!! In the afternoon the people in Remembering Joseph went to the visitor centre and learned how to do the set change from Joseph to the Band Concert. ✨mini miracle alert!!! ✨ both casts did the set change safely while holding giant metal poles and no one got hurt or broke anything!!!! After that we ran through the band concert with the band and they are AMAZING!!! Elder Ferrin is so funny in his role as William Pitt and the band sounds soooo great!!After that we had dinner then headed back to the Pageant Building for more dancing! In this rehearsal we got our formations for Old Fashion Day, Mississippi Mud, Nauvoo Pioneers, and Grandmas Feather Bed. It’s starting to feel like a real show!!! We also started Fifty States and had it almost finished as well! Something that I love about all of our dance rehearsals is that each day after we are done we always turn it back to Christ to remember our real purpose here in Nauvoo. I am so so grateful that I get to wear the name of Christ each day and serve him through music and dance. I know that he loves all of us and is constantly guiding us even at times that we don’t see it. It’s only been a few weeks but I already LOVE Nauvoo and can’t wait to be here all summer!!! ","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ddv8IM4wua5NPzOB0e0V2lfbi6ZkgV_Z, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1n2SgL8XVSTqsGVu_6sne419PlkWwewha, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1D5-VSbi5HrvY7W0jo-P_v0woK7K6YZ5Q, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1dj_Ye6KKEU7rXbo5MAcE32EGrLuyMzpX"$%$Anthony Joel Pyrah ,5/17/2024,"Friday, Stage ","We had chorography practice today, and it was a lot of fun! We ran though some of our Sunset on the Mississippi numbers, and they are pretty difficult. We did Old Fashioned Day, Nauvoo Pioneers, Along Came Jones, and the rest! I'm definitely seeing how The Lord can help you remember everything because of how many numbers we are working on! I know that the gift of remembrance is real and the other gifts of the Spirit are real. In the name of Jesus Christ Amen.","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1A6-D_LAYszPwRTGh9tQblmD8BZzyHIf4, https://drive.google.com/open?id=11rVV8e6MYE4nTb43ObkameZh2SOwbxMj, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1CzZsRa46jQWk-LWCxjP_tpWZkegXt-UX, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1K09vnpNo1ZwXm_Yhmx-AXf-qK9ZTQABz, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1vFYpB7NPfVcp_c6Xeq_OlAdvT_T9Xexe, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1-LkYiHjWMVERADU3YBehqZcoHEpRwp7q, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1BgvLL-OGQxyeE6MYo6pfDS9OVtXx-dhz, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1faitPuvufbh7heZaEczszMGtDRgtOkHx"$%$Nancy Furch,5/18/2024,Saturday,"My day has been such a good one.  The NPM's are rehearsing and I am trying to get my house cleaned since I have just let it go for way too long!  How can only two people make such a mess?  Instead of cleaning I've been reading  the book titled Women of Nauvoo and have been learning so much about the amazing women young and old of the Nauvoo period who had such great strength and a conviction of the truthfulness of the Gospel of Jesus Christ.  I'd like to share a portion of what was written about the widowed Mary Fielding Smith, the widow of Hyrum Smith.  Because of Hyrum's death she was the legal guardian of John, Jerusha, and Sarah Smith, the children of Hyrum and Jerusha Barden Smith and the parent of two children herself, Joseph F. and Martha Ann. Mary Fielding Smith took her 5 children and left the city alone to face the difficult experience of heading west.  She writes:We left our home just as it was, our furniture, and the fruit trees hanging full of rosy cheeked peaches.  We bid goodbye to the loved home that reminded us of our beloved father everywhere we turned.  We bid goodbye to our dear old feeble grandmother Lucy Mack Smith.  I can never forget the bitter tears she shed when she bid us goodbye for the last time in this life.  She knew it would be the last time she would see her son's family.  My heart aches for this precious grandmother who had such faith and had supported her husband and sons for so long in their hardships and now knowing she would not see her grandchildren again in this life. I love and admire her solid example of faith and endurance through thick and thin, alwlays bearing testimony of her knowledge of the truthfulness of the Gospel of Jesus Christ and the restoration of the gospel in these latter days.  Who needs a clean house when you can learn about such amazing women and their experiences!  I guess I do, got to run do the dishes!",id=1PynBM6xVFJIyRQdc7NBIuuyB9W-3Lzw5$%$Joseph Shaw,5/19/2024,"Sunday, stage","Kimberly Jo Smith, the 2nd great grandaughter of Joseph Smith came for a mission fireside! The major take away was that Satan's tools to keep family/friends together are division, contention, judgement, rumor, misperception, and the inability to forgive.We enjoyed our 1st love of the Saviour concert and though it was no where near perfect, the Lord consecrated our efforts and the Spirit was strong as we enjoyed what most of us have said ""the most fulfilling standing ovation"". It was also our first Trail of Hope, after which we sang on the Furch's doorstep😇","https://drive.google.com/open?id=11904LxHtfC1iCqvnOiSKzgn33qg46DtA, https://drive.google.com/open?id=10TID7gdxn1dtq5MOatIsjCMr6n9myFiD, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1VYEBOyWwHEQ0AFttu_sRL45pmPZRR6Im"$%$Eleanor Andersen,5/20/2024,Monday Summer Cast Stage,"Nauvoo journalToday has been awesome! It was p day so we did some fun things. We went to the park and played spike ball early this morning. The weather was really nice but because it rained the night before, the ground was pretty muddy. I ended up getting mud all over one of my shoes! I got to talk to my family early this morning. It was so fun to tell them all about dance rehearsals and the things I have learned this week! They are always so positive and hype me up the whatever is coming up the next week. I have had some things to figure out for BYU and they are also so helpful with that! I love them! We also went to Lock 19 for lunch today and me and sister Redd got cheeseburger loaded fries and they were aaaaaamazing! Seriously they hit the spot they were so good. Dancing has been great but I am a little sore. I am definitely not a dancer so it’s definitely been a learning experience! Without the Savior helping me through rehearsals, I would definitely be a lot worse. I know he is helping me battle and overcome my weaknesses! I am so grateful that Gods plan is all about growth and progression! I can’t imagine going through life without that knowledge of the plan of salvation. I love 2 Corinthians 12:9. It is Paul talking about how because of the Savior, he can “glory in his infirmities that the power of Christ might rest upon me”. Paul is such a good example to me of thinking celestial and remembering what this life is all about. That is something that I want to work on and be better about! We are getting ready to start shows tomorrow and I am super nervous and feeling unprepared. Buuuut one of my favorite things about God right now is that he is detail oriented. He is in the details of literally everything and everyone’s lives! I know that he will help me if I let him. I know that as I seek him, I will find him and that He is leading and guiding me always. He is my light! Joy is found in following him. So here we go! I trust that if the lord wants people to feel the spirit, he will make it happen and will guide me to be his hands. I love my Savior!! I love Nauvoo!!",id=1pS_b8I4shDpeKdYq-ez9VN9zBMUTPEp5$%$Sister Sexton ,5/21/2024,"Tuesday, Summer, Band","This morning we all had the feeling that today is going to be a good day! And it definitely was a good day! While on the band wagon this morning we played for the many children in the school group that were here to visit. One family stopped by to watch us as we played under the singing tree. We had a few moments to talk to them and show them our instruments. As we were talking to them we asked how long they were visiting and if school was out. They were visiting for two weeks and are homeschooled so they could travel wherever, whenever! I was excited because I was homeschooled and I felt like I had something to talk to them about. I asked if they wear their pajamas to school they giggled and said yes and those were the first smiles I saw since we met them. It makes me happy to make others smile. Later we ran into a family who were all trumpet players. We played at least 4 songs for them the last one being “Sing, sing, sing” which featured a trumpet soloist, and you could tell the family enjoyed it.I also ran into a woman from my home branch in Wisconsin that moved here to Nauvoo at the beginning of the year. It was a delight to see her but I didn’t have much time to talk to her because the wagon had to get moving. At lunch, all of the band sister got home and took off our skirts and boots immediately to cool off. So we made our lunches in our bloomers. After lunch, all of us band sisters watched the Remembering Joseph show and the stage missionaries did amazing! They are so talented and the songs were so entertaining even if they were just hymns. It was SOO GOOD!!!! We then got set up for the William Pitt concert. That’s one of my favorites because of the AC. Just kidding! I mean it’s a plus but it’s such a joy to recreate William Pitt concerts and play the Stars and Stripes on my piccolo! Speaking of piccolos, Sister Garner and I both have piccolos and we switch off here and there. Well during the William Pitt concert, while we were playing “There is sunshine in my soul” I switch between flute and piccolo and when I picked up my piccolo and started playing it I realized I actually picked up and played Sister Garners!!! 😱 she normally leaves it in the bench in between the two of us and I’ll normally leave mine there too for songs where I switch, so it made sense that I thought it was mine at first. But it sounded so different that’s how I realized it wasn’t mine 😂😅Sister Garner’s second flute broke the first week we were here. The Kesler’s took it on to get fixed and today she got it back! To celebrate we put lizards, that Sister Garner made, on our flutes and piccolos!During our evening rehearsal, we went through the Sunset on the Mississippi songs. Elder Lunt was watching us off to the side. When we were playing along came jones Elder Furch came in and sang along and would say the narration to help with our cues. At one point when I looked up from my music Elder Furch and Elder Lunt were both dancing! It put a smile on my face! After our evening rehearsal all of the Stage Sisters came over and we had an ice cream party!🍨🎉 It’s the little things that can bring so much joy to your day when you look for them. If you want to have a good day, look for the good and you will find it! Just like one of my favorite C.S. Lewis quotes “Look for Christ and you will find him, and with Him, everything else.” Remember you are important, you are loved, and you are a child of God! Sister Sexton 💛🩷","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1aZFNwIlevqer856nYxlS2IPtEolrELDm, https://drive.google.com/open?id=17pgCFaNl2Ccfj8gYv_yHllRJqewX1viP, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Gz4Df1ZEM8uyKIcepxD6ZYIIIuOffA3P, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1WrbNrc5Z3P71sg41dMI-R6lqQnn5tZG6, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1WMXwQbsypBGRzna_CioMMyUDoFMu77Mk"$%$Sister Buer,5/22/2024,"Wednesday, Summer Cast, Band","Today was a beautiful and chilly day in Nauvoo! While we were on the bandwagon, a little girl came over and was asking us what songs we could play. She even got to conduct us while we played her a song! During the evening, all of the NPMs were able to rehearse Sunset together and we ended the night by singing Invocation. I’m so excited to be able to share the joy of the Saints with all of the people who come through Nauvoo! As I have served with y’all, I have been reminded of the  scripture Alma 57:27, which says, “Now this was the faith of these of whom I have spoken; they are young, and their minds are firm, and they do put their trust in God continually.” I’m so grateful to be serving with such wonderful missionaries!Love, Sister Buer","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1h7uLnTk5_jWLegTzgeKjNyFQNtnF1ztB, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1iYArugshJMf8dNGKLwnjbkAxlv3X5Hk2"$%$Sister Ferrin,5/24/2024,Leader,"It is raining so the band didn't go on the bandwagon today. Good thing because it started to lightning and thunder after we were in the pageant building to rehearse. At one point, it sent down huge hail! We ran to the doors to watch what was happeningThat didn't last too long, though. The band and stage practiced together. They are ALL incredibly talented! Elder Stephani came and showed Elder Stutzneger and me his knee that had a big bite. Ahhhh! It was totally red and swollen!! It looked bad! I called Dr. Elder Smith to see if he was at his office in the visitor’s center and he was. Elder Stutzneger took him over and we just heard they are on their way to the emergency room in Quincy. It's possible he has sepsis. Say Sister Tukuafu! The band ended up moving a 100 year old piano, that she bought for $1, from a trailer into her house. Talk about talent. They moved it to the back of the trailer and the trailer tipped forward, drenching Sister Grover and a few others and Sister Tukuafu, who was standing close by,  Everyone that wasn’t helping with the piano, jumped into the back of the trailer through a back door to help balance the weight of the piano so the trailer wouldn’t tip forward. As they moved it to the house, Sister Tukuafu and I just hugged each other and didn’t look. With much muscle and coordination, the piano arrived safely and I think everyone had all digits intact afterwards. Sister Tukuafu had made delicious herb bread in #8 cans, so it was in round loaves.  She sliced it up and passed it around to thank us. What a delightful sister! We will arrange to visit with her again when we have more time. ",id=10lW0FyLYpLqyjPXw38TgftYFtc8RXgB3$%$Abigail Frei,5/25/2024,"Saturday, Summer Cast, Band","Happy first day of everything being open!! Today was a super fun day and super special because my family was visiting! We had our first official band ceremony with all the wonderful props and got on the band wagon! My family was just around Nauvoo as we played and said they were “bandies” today and were just following us around. My little nephew Henry loves Bluey, so we of course played the Bluey theme song for him. He also apparently said “Play Bluey song” so if that isn’t the cutest thing ever, I don’t know what is. As we finished up our morning on the band wagon, we had a group of four kids start walking alongside us. They even followed us back around the corner of the street to listen to us rehearse. The oldest brother said “There’s nothing we love more than walking, listening to music, and Nauvoo. Except Jesus”. They were very sweet. We had a wonderful afternoon concert, and it was so fun to have lots of family there! We all took a picture together and I think there were about 20 people who had come to Nauvoo to support me being here which is just incredible. We finished off the day with Sunset and Trail of Hope! I’ve always wanted to be a performing missionary, so performing Bugler’s Holiday with my family watching was a very special moment. Sister Grover and I even got to take my family down Trail of Hope! Nauvoo has always been like a second home for me and my family and sharing everything we’ve been working on felt wonderful. I love knowing that Nauvoo was a place where the Saints learned that families can be together forever so even though I didn’t get to spend a lot of time with my family this weekend and we live all over the country, we know that we can be together forever! ","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1uIpdX_NcLm4XkOM3wr_8aPFOmqpwUT9u, id=1XD-yE0nQlNvcml7sxn9VeVQJ2VWwivNj, id=1SirowC1Xs1Y_r_73n0aLrtn4lTZji_YF, id=1xMkJB53XtRCblivzMFFAUrnOH9dRmTkJ, id=1_nDJqr9W3SAau2cGZBHq6CpDmc2hnlwy, id=1x7qvK5B3a5zDlOpi_ULsY5udFIkImPRy"$%$Elder Coblentz,5/27/2024,Monday Summer Tech,"Upon waking up this morning I gracefully climbed down from the top bunk, almost floating, and began to prepare for the day. My skin care routine, silk jammies, hair treatment, vegan breakfast, pedicure, meditation, yoga, and morning scripture study were all glimmering with Pinterest energy and cruelty free baby seal scented perfume. I opened the front door and birds, deer, and alligators all perched on my shoulder as I belted “Called to Serve” with my perfect high soprano. The sun waved good morning as I sped off in my luxury electric vehicle to a day full of sold out shows.Well….. almost. If you replace the “floating out of bed” with “falling out of bed and almost breaking my ankle stepping on one of my boots” and the “Pinterest morning routine” with “downing an entire quart of grape juice and carton of deviled eggs before sprinting out the door” then it might be a bit more accurate. Today is Memorial Day which is so sick because even though I am not a fallen veteran, although people do mistake me for one more often than you would think, my grandpa and dad were both in the military for a number of years. Days like this that remind me of the sacrifice that they could have made make me a bit somber but humbled and thankful at the same time.The band sendoff in the morning is something that Elder Schnebly and I get to assist with and today was my day to carry out the flag of our country. It was an honor especially on this day to get to do my little part in helping honor our veterans. After leaving the sendoff we made our way to the Sunset Stage to fight the never ending battle of making sound sound like it sounds like it should. We lost by the way. The city of Nauvoo held a lunch at a park right by the temple where the whole town honored all of its veterans and ate hot dogs. We should do that all the time. Mostly so that the guy making hotdogs can get a little bit better at cooking em. Because them dog’s was blacker than outer darkness. Holy cow that guy was ROASTING em to a crisp!After the lunch it was back to the West Theater to prep for William Pitt’s Brass Tacks and Patriotic Reenactment Boogie Time (WPBTPRBT). While prepping, Joey Russell graced us with his presence and showered snacks upon us to soften the blow that he was leaving back to Salt Lake. We asked our final nerdy questions and shook his hand (WE SHOOK HIS HAND) and then in a poof of mustache hair, he was gone.The show went off and I did my best to stay stuck in my chair as the band played some 𝓈𝓌ℯℯ𝓉 𝓈𝓌ℯℯ𝓉 𝓉𝓊𝓃ℯ𝓈. But I failed somewhat miserably and my dancing almost made some of the folks on stage break character.We changed over the set to Remembering Joseph with only minor casualties and the show was off! It was a show with about 100 people attending but the performers should have been performing for 1000. It was so killer. But not as killer as FLIPPING SUNSET THAT NIGHT!!!! Well…. kind of. The tech side was pretty rough with batteries dying and mics breaking but the dancing was peak schtuff. Which is probably for the best because this was Sister Foot, Fonseca, and the Stutzeneggers last show to direct. For whatever reason about 12 people all from Minnesota for some reason wanted to hear my life story and what I do on a day to day basis. So I told lots of jokes and lost track of time. Thus, the strike for the show was about 20 minutes longer than usual. We were late to Trail of Hope which turned out to be a blessing in disguise because that meant that I got to tour guide with the mad lad himself, Elder Stephani. At this point he was only a few days back from the hospital after his knee infection so we kept the physical pace of things pretty low. But our sense of humor was a perfect match making spreading the gospel a laughter filled endeavor. The whole gang gathered at the close of Trail and we sang some of our standards for the Stutzeneggers and Sister Foot and Fonseca as a last little hoorah before they had to leave. It's always very special to get to sing with the whole group because I don't get to very often. I can pick out the voices of all of the performers pretty well at this point because I have had so much time mixing their full choir numbers. But today as I listened, I heard more voices than just theirs which is mildly concerning. All of tonight I have been trying to place those voices but they don't belong to anybody in the cast and I sincerely believe that they were angels singing with us. I can't believe how lucky I am to get to work with such incredible people in this sacred ground. Jokes and silly things aside, this is quite possibly the best place on Earth. I know that I was sent here to have my heart softened and by jingo it's working. Heavenly Father kinda knows what he's doing huh. Love that guy.Anywho, rock on my Bambinos. Be good people. Fight the power. Go Bees.Elder Coblentz’s Quote Gallery (March 27th Edition):“Are you a pineapple? Because I’m you're a pineapple.” -Elder Coblentz as a pickup line“Let's exercise our God given right, to make some meatloaf out of carpet.” -Sung by Elder Coblentz“Eat bricks stupid fish.” - Elder Coblentz yelled at a dog “Tonight's companion inventory is going to be a kickboxing match between me and your cranium.” -Elder Coblentz“Does calculus have hands?” -Elder Coblentz“My decrepit heart can't take any more of your sick rhymes!” -Elder Coblentz“On a Thursday afternoon, what a lovely way to foot foot skin spoon!” -Elder Coblentz sung to the tune of “Lovely Afternoon” from the William Pitt Reenactment“Aw beans, my feet aren't real again.” -Elder Coblentz“Defective defective little man. Welp hope he gets some help.” -Elder Coblentz to a bird“Hark! My tummy lusts after Jamba.” -Elder Coblentz“I stuck my driver's license in one of those things once. Then poof! The Big Bang Theory cast fulfilled my Make a Wish kid dreams!” -Elder Coblentz in reference to a card reader“Expel, reject, hurl like a disc! Rabies shant touch my virgin skin.” -Elder Coblentz when offered a banana","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1yt2uhjrsiC0tThZ3yHEsg0kKcHsL1K3J, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1EVf175GC_rQB5hEbzh82vDvCSl1HLfRb"$%$Lucy Daurio,5/28/2024,Tuesday (PDay!) stage sister ,"AHHHH! HELLO AND WELCOME TO THIS LOVELY DAY OF MAY 28, 2024!!! What an awesome day. Today was SO special because it was a fancy Tuesday pday!😍 Because of Memorial Day yesterday, we moved our pday to today so that we could accommodate for the highly patriotic schedule that was followed.🫡🦅Pday is always a special day. Why??? Because it’s WALMART DAYYYY‼️‼️ (enter air horn sound effect here) We usually order on the app then only one companionship will go and pickup ALLLLL the other orders for the district. It’s a great system, actually! So today Sister Franz and I hit the road and headed to Keokuk. We saw the LOVELY band sisters as we were waiting in the Walmart parking lot and we also discovered that you can prop the trunk doors of the van open and lock them open (did we all know that??? Was I the only one in the dark???) which was awesome. Then Sister Franz said something glorious to me. She said, AND I QUOTE, “wanna get Taco Bell?”😭😭💜💜 I could have cried. Yes, Sister Franz. I DO wanna get Taco Bell. SO WE DID JUST THAT. Absolutely SCUMPSH. When we finally made it back home we had to unpack all the groceries in which I quickly thereafter SWAM in the massive pile of grocery bags we had from our trip. You think I’m joking. I am not🏊‍♀️. The sisters here are trying to figure out how to reuse and repurpose these bags. Our top idea at the moment is to crochet them or weave them into a blanket which I think would be fantastic🥹. After talking to family and cleaning up around the house, the Sisters in the Hatch House and some of the Elders all went to the temple for baptisms!!! It was seriously so incredible to see this temple and all the beauty it holds. There is a GORGEOUS stained glass mural in the baptistry, and overall it was such a wonderful session. The spirit was so strong!!! I could feel it throughout my whole body💒💒🩷🩷!! After the temple, we ran home and quickly started on dinners, hair, makeup, mental preparation, last minute pday-ing, and just getting ready! It was a mad dash, but we did it! Sunset went wonderfully as far as I could tell!!! We ran over and did Trail of Hope and other than the unnecessary and comedically large number of bugs that were swarming, that went very well too! I love being here in Nauvoo! Getting to watch the sunsets almost every night, seeing all the beautiful wildlife, being surrounded by people who have quickly become some of my best friends, and being able to constantly feel the overwhelming and all encapsulating love and comfort of the Spirit is the most magical experience of my life. I love being a performing missionary and seeing the faces of those in the audience filled with the light of Christ. And I am immensely grateful that I am able to be even the tiniest little part of that!!! NAUVOO IS SO SPECIAL AND I LOVE IT HERE AND NEVER WANT TO LEAVE!!!🫶🫶🫶🫶🫶🫶","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1_350-atx0hjoxozXYnE9nioJNjESqc8p, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1KIo_hQ4NoWt_5Zc0v0zogBmAutLvAgN9, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1zZJJ9WI1ndvBTfX_heHP2XEZjcbcmouv"$%$Melanie Robinson,5/29/2024,Wednesday Band,"All things considered, it felt like a pretty standard day for the band. The band sisters were in charge of the coordination meeting, and then we did our Nauvoo Brass Band flag ceremony/vignette. It’s fun to get a taste of what the actors do. (They’re so talented!!!) While on the bandwagon, I also randomly saw a family from my hometown and their son, who I hadn’t seen in years! It was a wonderful surprise, and their mom was so kind and took a picture with me and sent it to my family. That is one of my favorite parts about Nauvoo- it brings people together in such unexpected and beautiful ways. This city allows us to run into people that we wouldn’t have connected with otherwise. Even when we’re all from different stages and walks of life, we can unite in a shared love and appreciation for the sacrifices of the early pioneers for the gospel. In the evening, the band sisters worked on cutting out hearts, stars, and dinosaurs to decorate the actors dressing rooms with. We’ve made a goal to do some kind of service every week, and the decorations are the current project. Sister Garner is quite talented at drawing little dinosaurs, so each stage actor will get one with their name on it. We also made hearts with scriptures, funny sayings, and motivations for the sisters, and similar stars for the elders. We also cut out some snowflakes for fun. I’m excited to see their reactions when we hang them all up in the dressing rooms! I have so much love for all of our stage missionaries, even though we don’t get to spend as much time with them. All of the NPMs work so hard to put on some truly incredible performances. I felt a lot of gratitude today- I feel so blessed that this is how I get to share the gospel! I get to do one of my favorite things (playing french horn) while testifying of the Savior. I am so grateful to all of the special visitors I’ve met and will meet, and I am honored that I have been entrusted to share the spirit and stories of Nauvoo with them. ",https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Ke_S5mP3nTs3iLXVZORDzCSsjNhMcqrb$%$Danika West,5/30/2024,"Thursday, Stage","Today was our first full A Day performance schedule, and our first time doing any of those shows in a week! We started the morning off with our coordination meeting, where Sister Garner shared that she'd been called to serve as a service missionary in Idaho Falls after we return! It's been so exciting to hear about everyone's mission calls as they've been opening them. While waiting for that meeting to start, we also discovered that the first set of new hymns from the new Church hymnbook had been released on Gospel Library! We were all so excited to hear a few of the new hymns, and to see songs like What Child is This and Come Thou Fount in the new hymnbook.Afterwards, we had our first Nauvoo Singers performance of the day and we started out with a pretty good audience! All of our other morning shows also managed to go pretty well, despite the lengthy time since we'd last performed them. For lunch, Sister Hailstone and I packed a lunch so we could stay out in the sites instead of going home. We ate in the bistro, and then managed to fit in a quick tour at the Scoville Bakery (the cookies are pretty good!) Afterwards we walked most of the way to the Red Brick Store for Women of Nauvoo. We spent slightly too long talking with visitors there after the performance, so we got back to Nauvoo Singers without any time to change dresses.Nauvoo Singers was packed that afternoon, because of the huge Young Women's group from Dallas Texas! We didn't have enough slapsticks for everyone who wanted to join during Whoa Haw Buck and Jerry Boy, but a few extra came onstage anyways and just clapped. We did a few other performances before heading home for dinner (which happened to be our turn to prepare), so we finished making goulash and then ran over to Sunset! After Sunset I found out that Casey Griffiths was in Nauvoo leading a church history tour group and was present at the show that night! I was in his Foundations of The Restoration class at BYU last summer, and he knew both of my parents so it was very cool to be able to talk with him a little after the show. His class had such a profound effect on my testimony and knowledge of church history, and strongly influenced my audition for this mission. I had auditioned last year for Summer 2023, because I felt like it would be a cool experience and I wanted to share the gospel with visitors. When I didn't make it, I didn't think I would audition again because it didn't fit in my school graduation schedule and it seemed like it wasn't in God's plan for me. But taking Casey Griffith's class helped me work through some questions I had about early church history and inspired a deeper desire to learn more about church history and the prophet Joseph Smith in the context of the actual place where many events occurred. Because of all those experiences (and some inspiration from the spirit), I decided to audition again with an increased desire to share my strengthened testimony of the Restoration and to learn even more about church history in Nauvoo. And now I'm here! I'm so grateful for the opportunity to be here in Nauvoo doing just that, and to have everything come full circle in such a special way tonight at Sunset. Because of the Church history tour group with Casey Griffiths and the Dallas Young Women's group, Trail of Hope was incredibly packed that night and we had our biggest audience of the season! Sister Franz, Sister Harmon, and I were the only NPMs who ended up not leading a Trail group, but every other Trail guide was leading a group of at least 30+ people. It was an exciting taste of the crowds we'll experience later this summer! ",https://drive.google.com/open?id=1RbpTwUWAxTa-gCdc6VchlvwpZmQNM8f7$%$Abe Smith,5/31/2024,"Friday, band","Elder Brenchley made Olive Garden style bread sticks today! They were bussin! It was his first time making this recipe too!Sister Grover did the opening jazz solo on ""When the Saints go Marching in"" during the Sunset show!There's this bit that I do right before the 50 states song. When Sister Bennett asks where we are from, I say the name of a Star Wars planet! I say a different one every day. Today's planet was Tatooine!Elder Sanders has been sick for a few days. To our surprise, after the Sunset show, the band sisters doorbell ditched a care package for him! It had brownies, soup in an icecream container, and some origami flowers!Someone ""origami-frogged"" the tech elder's golf cart tonight! They put probably over a dozen origami frogs in their vehicle!What a funny prank!","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1e3I2lR8PtHjEXYp4eO46odKd7yiuWgBV, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1qqH_R_3uM4N51-DJ_QiyOcrseE0AmEW9, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1LxdA7RozOW3aPObYCKyyG3vqhDphzGtg, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Ir7O5mvfZr_isIFAtX4xrWi0e67GqIUL"$%$Michael Hardy,6/1/2024,Saturday - Stage,"Happy birthday Elder Larsen!! Happy P-day eve eve to all those who celebrate. Today we woke up a bite earlier than usual. About 6:28 we woke up to the other elders in our district (Weekes, Smith, Manor, Joyner) playing guitars and singing happy birthday to E Larsen! I thought it was funny and so did E Larsen but I will say, there definitely aren’t any 4 part harmony’s at 6:30 in the morning haha. We then went running with Larsen and Weekes and you’d think that after doing this every day it would get easier but it has yet to happen. I’m hopeful though! We came home to some pancakes that E Joyner made for everyone, good guy good guy.  We went to our correlation meeting at 9 and Sister Buer gave a beautiful spiritual thought, and we sang happy birthday to E Larsen! It was raining so we had to move Praise His Name in the Dance to the west theater. Our first show there was only like 1 family there but the second one we had a lot more people and there were so many people that joined us in the welcome dance, the most we’ve had so far! After lunch we did Elders Songs and Stories which was so much fun not only because we had a lot of people but Elder Stephani’s family was here and E Wankiers mom and grandparents and Sister Barrus’s family was all at the show so it was high energy! There was also a family from Czech Republic which E Stephani just got back from his mission there 6 months ago so he was able to speak with them. Not only was it so cool to hear them speak to each other but his family got to watch him speak to this whole family! Before we went to Nauvoo Singers, E Wankiers mom gave us some sugar cookies which were literally so good, definitely an energy boost. We then did Go Ye and Hymns of Zion but at hymns the only audience members we had were 6 site sisters. But for Elder and Stories we had a big group of people and for Oren Porter Rockwell, E Joyner pick Sister Peterson, a site sister so it was the first time we had a female volunteer so that part so it was really funny and weird at the same time. But right at the end there was a family that walked up and were watching afar off and so I ran up to them after the show, turns out it was there first time in Nauvoo! Well they left but like 30 minutes later for Youth of Zion they came back and sat in the back! While they were doing the welcome dance and everyone was going up, I was sitting in the back because I wasn’t in that cast, so I ran over to the family and got the 2 boys Cory and Colby to go up after some convincing. They really enjoyed it I think and the whole family was laughing at the jokes! They started to leave after the show and so I caught them before they left and invited them to Sunset. I don’t think they didnt end up coming I think but Sunset was still really good! The audience was also not as big as it usually is but me and E Larsen got to do Along came Jones and we mixed it up a bit because it was his birthday, the audience loved it and the rest of the show went really well! We then had to hurry over to Trail of Hope which also went well and as we were leaving trail, some of the elders noticed this dent on the back of ow van, someone ran into the back of our van and left a big dent in the back! So we called the Keslers and let them know and took some pictures and then headed home. E Larsen is doing a no sugar thing right now so I got him this little protein muffin and had a little candle but we had no lighter so then we had to spend the next 20 minuets trying to figure out how to light it. I probably shouldn’t say how we ended up lighting the candle in this journal entry but we finally got it lit so we just quickly sang in the kitchen and took some videos while the lights were off haha it was fun. I got him the nauvoo temple tie that Sister Foote and Fonseca helped me secretly get during the week and a sister got him this bug spray that he really wanted. ‘Twas a good day!",id=1Fygm4oeuSAj3EsbzPqaY6oaWjcRMImCm$%$Sister Unsworth,6/2/2024,"Sunday, summer cast, violin sister","HELLOOO everyone!! I’m so happy to have a journal entry today because today was just beautiful and amazing. Today was fast Sunday which meant there were so many beautiful testimonies in church this morning. Sister Barrus and Anderson, and Elders Smith and Maner all bore their testimonies over the pulpit and I was struck at how powerful the spirit was in the room. I especially loved Elder Smiths testimony of his boots, everyone was laughing. And our lesson in Sunday school was about pickles and cucumbers. So fun!We also had our love of the Savior concerts which was very beautiful. Love of the savior is my favorite because I get to just sit and listen to the beautiful voices. My favorite one to listen to each week is I heard him come. SO GOOD! I actually cry each time I hear it! And I think it gets better each week. I’ve also loved seeing the families of all the missionaries this week and being able to perform for them!One really great part about today was that my family was in town, and my little brother was able to see some of our performances. My brother is 13 and gets very embarrassed about everything because he wants to be cool, so I was a little bit worried about what he would think about Nauvoo. He came to some of our shows earlier in the week and got called on a couple times which he was very embarrassed by, lol, but by the end of trail of hope today, he admitted that Nauvoo was something he would want to do when he’s older! And he wants to come out again later in the summer with my family. I’ve loved seeing him at the end of our performances when he’s smiling and asking when our next show is because he enjoyed it. And I’m so grateful for all of you who were able to impact him even if you didn’t realize you were being an influence! I’m so happy that he was able to feel the same light and love that we all feel here Nauvoo and get him to really think about going on a mission!I know that sometimes we don’t get to see the fruits of our labors as performing missionaries, but we are planting seeds, and it’s so beautiful!Being a missionary really is the best.We also had a devotional in the 70s Hall about our missionary moments and I didn’t get to write them down, but some of you shared some really cool things. I know that we are all planting seeds and helping people’s testimonies grow. I love you all and I think you all are wonderful missionaries!!!!!! Thanks for being the best!Love Sister Unsworth🤍💖🫶🥳🕺💕❤️🩷",https://drive.google.com/open?id=1b-L3jaRTAiWdh78PWjJ0YkWgQa3_sJYF$%$Emma Hailstone,6/3/2024,Monday (Stage Sister P-day),"Today was our p-day! Sister West and I took Murphy (our van) to the car wash and then we came home and did some cleaning. Then we got started on breakfast!! Sister Shaw and Sister Blair made a bunch of pancakes, Sister West made banana bread muffins, and Sister Redd made some fire buttermilk syrup. The Band Sisters came over to the hatch house at 9:00am and we ate breakfast and then played a group game called psychiatrist. One person leaves the room and the group decides on a “tick” or a quirk that they will all do as the psychiatrist asks questions. The psychiatrist wins when they guess the group tick. It was full of impersonations guessing favorite colors and desperately trying to think of foods that start with the letter Y. During the afternoon we called family and then all the sisters went on the Temple City tour. We started at the Weeks home where we saw facsimiles of the original architectural drawings for the Nauvoo temple. Then we went to the Hunter’s home where we learned about how tithing and other donations were collected in old Nauvoo as well as other revelations and doctrines Joseph Smith taught at the time. Joseph Smith spent a lot of time in hiding there at the Hunter’s home. Whether this was their actual wall paper or not we don’t know, but to symbolize the Hunter’s hospitality and friendliness they chose pineapple wall paper for the restoration of their living room. Apparently pineapples were a symbol of hospitality in the 1840’s. They also had a period upright piano which was one of the coolest instruments I’ve ever seen! The west grove of trees behind the Hunters home was where where Joseph taught several different sermons. One in particular was one he gave to the relief society sisters about baptisms for the dead. We ended in the Geen home where they told us of the great sacrifices the Geens made to donate money to the temple. They sold half of their land in order to donate $600 dollars to the temple project. After we finished the temple city tour we got to go to the stone masonry site and practice splitting, chipping, sanding, and lifting authentic Nauvoo limestone. We finished our p-day excursions at Annie’s custard, which is a Nauvoo favorite. We had a food sized crowd at Sunset By the Mississippi that night. After the show finished we gathered for a mini devotional with a BYU study abroad group studying church history sites. They had spent a lot of researching and preparing to come to Nauvoo and so they appreciated the sites and the stories of the saints a lot more than most who pass through. We talked about our gratitude for the prophet Joseph and all that he taught and the principles of the gospel that he restored. We got to talk with one sister whose family was originally from Ecuador. She didn’t have any Nauvoo ancestors, but as she researched she found her family’s pioneer stories in Ecuador and discovered he own heritage. It was so special to get to know them and their stories and how Nauvoo had come to be a sacred place for each of them. ","https://drive.google.com/open?id=181mB_nD2n7CCw4-dBR5_VC0hdUfw5HiP, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1kr4jZN8LoXanZ2CEfF3p41EUpCHF6zue, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1aurflV9JE14u2oyK8t8hprWuYvJG65ov, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1kvhngMNOXZ3uvftBxMULmGrMzwcxCZSA, https://drive.google.com/open?id=146ufxiRBe2N_ORlwYSlUO1-o_5hTJccr, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1MZ_Y4UF354ak_wnmZo2oFHOVD67j8LJD, https://drive.google.com/open?id=14y_ruO6EK9AHvPjzPrLK9_4BegEbR_tG"$%$Elder Sanders ,6/4/2024,"Tuesday, Band","This morning I felt the impression to just step outside & enjoy nature. Just to sit in silence & admire the peaceful field/forest around the house. It's a reminder to how nice it is to be away from the busy, noisy, city. I just felt content & accomplished in that moment & I know the spirit played a role in that warm feeling we all talk about. Played on the band wagon just like I would any day, trying to put on a show & play as best as I can, all while trying to preserve my chops for the rest of the day. When we stopped to the singing tree, I met a handful of kids who lived in my hometown Kaysville. Since they went to Davis High, I attempted to teach them the handshake that was ""popular"" back in my day. They definitely didn't know it... Which makes me feel old. After the concert I got to talk to people who had questions about Nauvoo, an instrument, & other miscellaneous topics. I love the curiosity that people have. We got to chat with the Czech Republic family that Elder Stephani mentioned. During dinner I was thinking about how yesterday was an off day for me mentally, just felt sad & sort of fed up with doing the same thing every day. However, performing for sunset always puts me in the mood & the energy is just so vibrant for that show. Tonight I had an old man come up to me, apparently he babysat my uncle when he was a kid quite literally! It's such a small world here I swear! At trail of hope, I met a women who became a convert to the church solely because she walked the trail of hope & watched all the performers as they shared their stories. That's how I saw the hand of the Lord today. Everyone who comes through (Nauvoo) is touched one way or another, whether they are religious or not. ",https://drive.google.com/open?id=1lFVoaaAi03kswMcS0v9iO1vgBnbnK-nA$%$Sister Malynda Lunt,6/5/2024,Leader,"This morning, I put on my special missionary name tag, looked in the mirror tostraighten it and thought, I am so blessed to wear the name of Jesus Christ over myheart each day! I then thought about what it means to me to represent Jesus Christ onthis mission and proudly wear his name along with my name each day. Serving inNauvoo has been such a beautiful privilege and today was another wonderful day! As Iwalk the streets that the early Saints walked and hear about them and feel them andlearn about them, I am blessed and want to be better! The missionaries here are suchamazing people and I have learned to love them so much, their testimonies strengthenmine as they sing , dance and tell about the early saints in Nauvoo! Tonight, ElderLarsen surprised his family with his proselyting mission call and assignment and thespirit was so strong, it brought tears to my eyes! He was called to Rome Italy and willbe leaving in September, it was an awesome meeting! President Mehr talked aboutwearing the name of Jesus Christ, and that when we willingly and worthily wear Hisname, the angels cannot be retrained from being our associates! It has been such awonderful day, and I am so grateful for it, it has grown my testimony stronger and mylove stronger for my Savior Jesus Christ.",id=1F6TxPAgsCZo8j2X6X3zontpqNB6DW-bN$%$Rebekah Grover,6/6/2024,"Thursday, Summer Cast, Band. ","Welcome to the journal of Sister Grover; I will try to put much good information and many tidbits in here. In case any of you forgot who I am, I am the one who plays the trombone and euphonium, but not at the same time, and occasionally the tuba. This wonderful morning we woke up at 6:30 and did our workout with the YouTube woman. Sister Frei put on some youth album church music, which motivated us to do extra well. After that, we got ready, had breakfast, packed lunches for reasons that will be seen later in this journal, and did our study for the day. I studied endurance, and learned a lot of good things. I specifically found a talk by Robert D Hales called ""Behold, We Count Them Happy Which Endure,"" that I really liked, especially the parts about missionary service. He said, ""Enduring requires doing better than your best of today by developing additional gifts as granted from the Lord. It takes faith to listen to the Lord and to mission leaders and learn how to accomplish whatever missionaries are called to do. Of course, it is difficult. That’s what makes it such a gift and why it has such great rewards."" I know that missions are times that test and try us, but help build the foundations of our lives by bringing us closer to Christ. Our district gathered and prayed, and then we went to the cultural hall. We set up a few music stands outside in the parking lot, and then went to our morning coordination meeting. At the end, we prayed together, and it was very powerful to pray as a mission for Elder Maner's brother and Sister Barrus's little brother. I know that the power of prayer is real. The band headed out, finished setting up the stands, banners, and drums, and I had the privilege of choosing the rudiment of the day then went over for our band ceremony vignette! For most of it, Elder Cutler's parents were our whole audience, but some more visitors joined us at the end. We loaded up the wagon, and headed out on our merry way. There were not a whole lot of people out this morning, but we still had a great time, and put on a great concert for Elder Cutler's parents at the Singing Tree. We finished up on the bandwagon for the morning, and as we were packing up, Brother Cottam pulled up to us. He was the director of the brass band for the last few years, and he wanted a couple of strong people to help him move a compactor into his car. Sister Oman and I volunteered because we already moved a piano and are very strong (*helped* move a piano). We hopped into Brother Cottam's car and took off for his house. As we were pulling up, I was delighted to see a cute dog that was named Duncan. We became fast friends, and Duncan likes to play the game where you wave your hands all around his head and he bites you, but very gently. We lifted the compactor into the car, and then Sister Cottam invited us into the house. It was William Hyde's home originally, but has been added on to. We saw the original beams of the house in the living room, and I played the pump organ they had there. The house was very cute, and it was very nice of her to give us a tour. We said goodbye to Duncan, Brother Cottam dropped us off at Pioneer Pastimes, and Sister Oman and I reunited with the other band sisters.We all played the pioneer games, including the stilts, the hoops you whack with a wooden thing, the rings you throw with sticks, etc., then are our picnic lunch. As soon as we finished, we headed over to the Singing Tree to see Elders' Songs and Stories! We talked with some visitors, and then the show started. It was delightful, and I'm very glad they found Porter Oren Rockwell, even though he was kind of a redhead so I'm not completely positive it was him. After the elders, we headed over to the Red Brick Store to watch Women of Nauvoo. It was also very delightful, and my favorite character was the chicken. The Relief Society was such an inspired addition to the organization of the church, and I know that it was revelation that created it. After watching the shows, we drove over to set up for the William Pitt Concert. We got our stuff all ready, and then headed backstage while they opened the house. Elder Ferrin came back at one point and asked how many chairs we had, which was very confusing to us. We had no idea what was in store. We started the show, and after the first two numbers, Elder Ferrin went off script and invited the fourteen audience members to sit on stage! I later asked Elder Coblentz what his initial thoughts after hearing that were, and he told me, ""in the words of George Washington: oh crap."" The audience members came on stage and all sat around the band, and the stage missionaries ended up kind of being down in front of the stage. Elder Call's family were in the audience, and they said later they could tell that the stage missionaries were surprised by this development. Elder Coblentz actually came down and joined us as well, since we didn't need mics with the audience all on stage with us, and he said that was the easiest show he has done. We finished the show, which went very well, and visited with the visitors for a while before packing up outside and heading back home. We ate dinner, I finished arranging Let It Go for the brass band, we got ready, and headed out to Sunset. We got all set up, and then the band went out past the footbridge for a little devotional and to share our thoughts. Elder Jackman shared how this performance will be the first time some people see this show and the last time others see it, so we should stay focused. Most of our mistakes are from a lack of focus, so we should put off the natural man and stay focused on our missionary purpose. Sister Garner shared how she likes to focus on how the performance is not about us, and how we should consecrate ourselves and our performance to the Lord and the visitors. I think those are both excellent things to keep in mind as servants of the Lord, and I definitely performed better than usual and felt the Spirit more when I was focusing on serving Him. After the show, we packed up fast and zoomed over to Parley Street. Tonight was the Grover Quintet, and so I got the tuba and played with Sister Robinson and Elders Lemon, Smith, and Sanders. I am primarily a trombonist, and have never been very good at tuba. Every time I play here in Nauvoo, I am very surprised by how well it goes, and I know it is the Lord who is responsible for that. I know that being set apart as a performing missionary allows us to go farther than we can on our own, and if we rely on the Lord and give Him all the credit, we can do amazing things. We played for a while, then finished, packed up, and joined the singing. After singing, we went home, journaled, and went to bed. I know that even though each day we spend here in Nauvoo can sometimes feel the same, if we look for the hand of the Lord in it, we will always find it. Every visitor here gains something different from their experience in Nauvoo, and it is the Spirit that creates that growth. Nauvoo is such a sacred place, and the testimonies of those who stood here in faith are powerful tools for conversion, both our own and of those who visit here. ","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1D8H7SalFMxqBs3oHh4WI7Oz_xIeSeaBM, id=1xbQmbcYenK8Y2pxGdo72asPE38-_JfPy, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1d0SfsVlT5JIhkuxa3lTCo9zUzNX51ZvY"$%$Elder Call,6/7/2024,Stage ,"What an awesome day!! Happy Birthday to Elder Samuel Smith!! We started off the day with our coordination meeting where we attempted to sing Happy Birthday to him in Italian. Elder Larsen was probably the closest to singing it correctly but everyone else who tried made a valiant effort! 😂 Then we headed to our different vignettes for the day. At Praise His Name in the Dance, there was an 81 year old man who came up and did the dance with us! Even though we were a little concerned about how he’d do, he kept up with the rest of the group! There was also a group that came who had never come to Nauvoo before! They aren’t members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints and we got the chance to testify of the faith of the Saints here in Nauvoo! They asked about the temple and if we got the opportunity to worship inside. It was such a cool opportunity to testify of Jesus Christ and His Gospel! The rest of the shows went really well despite Sister Amanda Anderson getting attacked by a butterfly during one of them. Sunset by the Mississippi had a large crowd and a few big youth groups that even tried doing some of our tricks and dances they saw in the show! We took a group picture tonight which was great too and then we headed home! I’m so grateful for this amazing experience of living in Nauvoo especially with all of these amazing missionaries!! I believe we are all meant to be here. We have been called by the Lord to do an amazing work! ",id=1sKfc2a_ubsB9E32Y29wvgpyZe4BiUJVJ$%$Elder Maner,6/8/2024,"Saturday, Stage","Today was a special day, in part because many of us got to go to the temple to do baptisms! As always, it was a great experience. Many of us were able to do names of some of the ancestors of Joseph Smith and I know for me that made it extra special and I could the feel the gratitude of those we were doing the ordinances for. During Nauvoo Singers, which in my opinion is one of the most powerful vignettes we do, there was a family in the audience from South Africa and after we finished our last song, he stood up to applause and then told us of his love for missionary work and asked us to sing Call to Serve which we did and wow, that was a powerful experience. Both because of the humility and devotion of the man, and because of the powerful spirit brought by the family and the words that we sang. After that, those of us who were in YOZ went to the signing tree and our audience was small, but delightful. It was just a father with 3 or 4 young kids and they loved the jokes and funny things we did, they laughed at everything, and I know for me it reminded me of why we do this. To bring the joy of the Saints and of the gospel to all those we can and in a small way we were able to bring it to and feel it strongly from those little kids. After that, and just a highlight of Elder Poyfair, he was late getting to the beginning circle dance for Praise and he slipped and fell and his contents of the backpack went everywhere and it was pretty funny. We love you Elder Poyfair!Not too much more happened today that was super notable, except for the fact that Elder Weekes dad was Orrin Porter Rockwell which was literally perfect. He was the perfect guy for it. And one other thing, Sister Anderson was almost eaten by a curtain and let me describe it in detail:There we were, standing on stage left preparing to make a grand, yet humble entrance for Great Country. Our faces shone with our sweat, our eyes were blurry from sweat, our hands were wet with sweat that came from us and other people I’m sure, our feet probably smelled bad but thank goodness they were trapped in boots that were falling apart. Our legs were shaking with excitement to sing and just because that’s generally what legs do, they shake. Our stomachs were squelching quietly ingesting the liquid we were just hastily consuming to make sure we didn’t fall over from fatigue. Our shoulders were slightly rounded because each of us have absolutely huge shoulder muscles. Our toes curled in suspense, toenails digging into the floor of our boots. Taking all of this in, in just a breath I’m sure, Sister Anderson thrusts her hand in between the curtains and pushes them aside, releasing the brigade of missionaries eagerly waiting to pounce. She takes a step forward, confident that nothing will stop her when somehow, instead of the curtain obeying her hand, it swirled around her and tries to drag her down to wherever it came from. With words of different kinds of food in her mouth, hands flailing, and yet still with determination in her eyes, she somehow unravels herself from the snares of that flagitious curtain, gives it a little laugh and wave, and then continues on to give her line with gusto. All the meanwhile I stand watching this battle of the century happen before my eyes and thankfully Sister Anderson comes out victorious!To finish the night we had a pretty short trail which was nice. We love people coming but we also love getting good sleep and having enough to time to eat cereal, eat bananas and peanut butter and chocolate chips, or whatever people choose to eat as their “midnight snack”. But I will finish with this. This was another fantastic day because we got to have fun, be together as a Nauvoo family, and we got to testify of Jesus Christ through singing and dancing and all of those things together, I can’t think of a more fulfilling or rewarding opportunity. He lives, and we are here because of Him. How great is the goodness of God",https://drive.google.com/open?id=15t7so49gXQHY62QlYSv6yxSL6-1d3UtW$%$Elder S Smith,6/9/2024,"Sunday, Stage","What an awesome day! Today was our 6th Sunday here in Nauvoo and Elder Weeks’ 20th birthday! Our district, Elders Hardy, Maner, Joyner, Smith, Larson, and Weeks, arrived at church and there were barely any seats left due to the new site sisters that had joined us that week, so we ended up sitting in the very front right in front of the presidency. We did have the privilege however of singing the EFY Medley with the other NPM’s during that sacrament meeting which was awesome! I’m pretty sure we’ve all sang that song a thousand times, but it was still powerful to sing it as missionaries here in Nauvoo. After we sang however, we had to immediately leave to go pass Sacrament in the visitors ward. We missed Elder Jackman’s talk, but it the first two sentences were an indicator, the rest of the talk was amazing! We were told to expect a full house of around 600 people and so we set up two sacrament tables and brought 14 passers! When we got there however there were maybe 250 people, and we had grossly overestimated with chairs and sacrament preparations. Better to overshoot than not I guess. I had the opportunity to bless the bread and what a special privilege that was! It’d been a while since I had, and after singing Joseph Smith’s First Prayer as the opener, it was a very special meeting! We meandered on back to our ward after the visitors Sacrament and were able to catch the last half of priesthood session. The advice was shared to count your many yeses as well as blessings. Meaning, when you’re doubting, or are in a slump, count the many confirmations you have had when the spirit has witnessed to you yes, this is the right thing. And as you do, it will strengthen your testimony! We finished Priesthood meeting early and headed over to do our coordination meeting, but had to wait upstairs for a bit while the sisters finished. In the meantime we found some magnets and made a game with them (pictured). Elder Joyner and I had to leave the coordination meeting early for a meeting with President Mehr, so we missed the last half. However I believe something about practicing our new arrangement of Praise to the Man was mentioned, because we had no idea we were supposed to bring that music to the LOS rehearsal later that day. Consequently, when we arrived at the rehearsal we found that not a single person in our district had brought their music. We made it through though, and by the end we were super excited to learn the new music for the martyrdom anniversary, as it seemed to be a quite rousing tune! The first performance of LOS was rough as per usual, but the solos, from Sister Redd & Andersen, were very well executed. In between concerts we had the privilege to meet with a group from Texas. One of their group members was wheel chair bound and really found comfort in the I Heard Him Come number we performed! After chatting for a while we went down to the bistro to find that there was watermelon as our snack there! Although not very energizing, it was a wonderful surprise and very refreshing! The second concert flew by and was a lot more relaxed. There was a special, tangible, spirit to peace like a river the second time we sang it for some reason and I loved it! The solos, as always, were wonderful (Sang by Sisters Bennett & Shaw). It was interesting to see the new perspective the soloists in the second concert brought to the table, as we haven’t seen much of them up to this point. After the concert we met Elder Weeks’ family outside and sang happy birthday! We went home and had wonderful tacos made by Elders Weeks & Maner, and we also shared Weeks’ birthday sourdough bread that his mom made and it was the best sourdough I’d ever had! Sadly Sister Weeks did not have a name for her sourdough starter at the time, so our district is working on a name! After that we had “Missionary Moments” with President Mehr which turned into more of a devotional, but that was totally okay by us because that man is amazing! Him and his wife clarified the difference between Priesthood Authority and Priesthood Power and how the Holy Ghost will be our eternal companion, not just in this mortal life. He continued with on of his “Could it be” statements, which is interpreted by my district at  least, as meaning “I can’t SAY this is doctrine, but…”. These are always are favorite lessons, and in this one he talked about how God lives in an Eternal Now. No past, no future, only this instant. And how our past and future are all seen by him and thats how foreordination works. He knew what decisions you would make, with your free agency, and has laid out a path for you. He also said, “Could it be”, that patriarchal blessings are snippets and pieces of a perfect blessing given by our Heavenly Father in regards to our mortal life before we came to this Earth? He also reiterated his thoughts on how God didn’t create matter or intelligences, and how God’s law is his way of helping us understand immutable laws of the universe.Right after the meeting, Elder weeks also had a talk with President Mehr, and came out crying! We were quite worried as we’d never seen him cry before. But as we asked him about what was happening, he shared that he had made the decision to get endowed thanks to president Mehr’s words “You’re here, you have the tag, you’re ready”! Everyone was super stoked, especially me, and I can’t wait for that wonderful, blessed Day! All the elders passed around hugs and we stayed with him as long as we could before trail started. Trail of hope was super short tonight, we even finished before the sun went down and what a wonderful thing it was as it meant we got to sing longer! Singing hymns of praise with my fellow missionaries after Trail is always the most spiritually uplifting and strengthening part of the week for me, but today was super special as we were able to sing longer, and we had a couple of requests from the crowd that had gathered! The requests were especially  awesome as they helped us know that we were singing for someone else, and singing to help their testimony grow as well. It was wonderful to not just sing whatever hymns we wanted to, but to be able to share that beautiful spirit over someone else’s personally sacred hymns! Finally we went home and sang to elder weeks again for the fourth time! This time, as is tradition, with the lights out and a single, oven lit, candle! We gave him a pint of Ice Cream and a Zebra cake that was kindly offered by Elder Hardy.      The song of the righteous is a prayer unto me, and it shall be answered with a blessing upon their heads!",https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ZFjXoeQbMzUB6IgIaCyEczsI2Ca9z3Q0$%$Elder Poyfair,6/10/2024,"Monday, Summer, Stage","•frisbee, spike ball, missionary tag•Kimberly Jo smith tour •sister Furch returned•said goodbye to our good friend elder cutlerLike usual, we started our pday by “frolicking in the park” with one group of missionaries playing spikeball and the other ultimate frisbee. This frisbee game memorialized our precious Elder Jackman, as the greatest frisbee NPM of all time, scoring a whopping 87 end zone scores. All but one of us began to grow weary and Elder Call said “let us play missionary tag,” and off we went.This pday was one to look forward to, as we learned the preceding week that we’d have the chance to receive a tour from Kimberly Jo Smith. We got to see many of Nauvoo’s lesser known sites such as the cornerstone of the Nauvoo House, the Stone Arch Bridge, David’s Chamber, the Nauvoo Cemetery, Joseph Smith’s farmland, and Inspiration Point. We also visited the Joseph Smith Cemetery and learned many stories and history behind the sites and great characters involved in Joseph Smith Jr. and Emma Smith’s lives. Kimberly’s friend Karen from Zion’s Mercantil also showed us original artifacts of Joseph Smith’s Hebrew lexicon and baby booties.After Sunset on the Mississippi, we welcomed a friend back to Nauvoo and gave farewell to another. Sister Furch was given the grand homecoming she deserved after some time spent with her family and she expressed her gratitude for the NPMs and how she had thought of each one of us. Our noble friend Elder Cutler then told us that it would be his final day here in Nauvoo and we got to hear from his own experience his testimony of music and the Spirit. We sang Lord, Wilt Thou Fill My Soul with Peace all together. The Spirit of God was manifest in both events as we came together and praised God in song, laughter, and tears.",id=15xPUSPZtNhWDhNo5WbHuWx-ACc5gWl8z$%$Elder Kesler,6/11/2024,Leader,"Well today started off the ultimate way with a trip to the temple. We are so blessed tonot only be on a mission in this Holy place but to have the opportunity to attend thetemple in which the Savior first introduced the Ordinances and Covenants of his churchin this last dispensation. I was extremely touched to see how many of the NPMs showedup at 6:30 to do temple work. As I sat in the Celestial room and watched them file inafter coming through the veil it hit me especially hard how if all the world’s youth couldlive as these young people are Satan would be bound by the faithfulness of the people.This years NPMs are an extraordinary group of youth. The Lord has blessed them fortheir faithfulness with great talent and they are currently using it wisely and not hiding itunder a bush. I also felt a love for the Ferrin’s (the band leader and wife) as I watchedthem there that early, showing such love and support for the performers they havebeen called here to serve. Our Heavenly Fathers plan where everyone sacrifices to helpothers and by so doing becomes a better version of self is AMAZING to watch. Todaywas one of those days where I could see it all in motion and realize that no matter howbad it gets out there in the world, all is well and in order here within the covenantplan!!! I was also reminded of how much the Savior obviously loves Nauvoo",id=1RXBYrXyG_OdpPqsqZP4jdvIIQrgOk9rD$%$Elder Wankier,6/12/2024,Stage ," This morning was coordination meeting and sister Furch and the cast played Who am I. RIGHT before she did mine she said “oooh this one’s hard” and elder Stephani goes “ELDER WANKIER” and it was RIGHT! It was actually incredibly iconic and he got it perfectly which is so fun. I love our cast.    Fall cast coming to shows was so fun! They came to our morning Praise His Name in the Dance, and it was so fun to have them there! I’m so excited to watch them grow and see how Nauvoo can change them just like it changed me. SO COOL!    We went to the Red front with Shaw family and friends, and I tried the burgerdilla. Absolutely lived up to the hype 10/10 would recommend. Unfortunately, it was not exactly the greatest on my stomach but was a small price to pay for the burgerdilla.    Normal vignette schedule. Wish I could say there was anything exciting on this front, but no it was just a fun day with good interactions with the audience.    Sunset was so much fun tonight! There were a lot of shenanigans backstage, but we were able to make it work! It’s amazing that even through mics cutting out, sprained ankles, and instantaneous spot switching, we were able to testify of the joy that the Saints had back in Nauvoo. I was even able to testify of that to someone in the audience, and they agreed with me and added that Nauvoo is a special place that you will always be drawn to. I truly believe that and I’m SO EXCITED to take my kids here one day!    Many of the NPMs went to see the British Pageant (which is absolutely iconic by the way) but I decided to go home and rest after not feeling great and Christ prepared the perfect way to calm me down. Elder Joyner was playing a song in the car, and I listened to it and had to know exactly what it was. I got it, and listened to the whole entire album! Love Secrets by John Mark Pantana is fantastic and each song testifies of the importance of having a close relationship with Christ, and of His immense love for us. It was incredibly therapeutic to just listen to the songs while doing the dishes and laundry and tasks I needed to complete. It was just amazing.    I just want to close by saying just how grateful I am to be here! It is such a blessing to perform with such incredible people who make this a Zion community! Something that struck me today, especially during Sunset, was how willing everyone was to help each other out. Elder Weekes asked for a blessing, and Elder Maner instantly offered one. Sister Anderson was struggling with hand pain, and Sister Redd instantly gave her bandaids. I was sick and in bed and Elder Shaw made me a completely separate dinner than the one we were having to make me feel better. We are surrounded by incredible people who are always willing to lend a hand, and I’m so grateful that I have the pleasure of knowing them and calling them my best friends. God bless you all🫶🫶",id=16Oz2oewiqtQmcES_qkyAA9fRu_5H1qa2$%$Sister Kendra Anderson,6/13/2024,"Thursday, Summer Cast, Band","This week they had planned for a few of the cast and a brass quintet to go over for a youth fireside over at one of the camps on Thursday. We knew of when and where, but we had no idea what they would want us to do. We figured that maybe we would just be putting on a 15min program before the devotional. Maybe just do a few of the smaller songs from sunset or the Vignettes. So Thursday rolls around and sunset ends up getting canceled because of a rain storm- so they move trail of hope indoors for the first time, and we head out to the fireside. When we get there, they tell us that they want us to fill 45min of performance before a q&a with the site sisters. So now we're realizing that, ""Oh... we are the fireside!"" So we all scramble to see what songs we can do with the people we have. It was very chaotic! We decided that we would start out fun, and then end on a spiritual note and have the quintet (now quartet with no tuba) play hymn accompaniment. So we go and do some accapella numbers, and a few numbers with the guitars, mandolins, and fiddles. Then part way through, sister Blair suggests we do one of the bigger numbers from sunset. No percussion, no band. This was this groups night for sunset, and they weren't going to be able to see it. We hesitantly say yes and that we'll at least try. It ended up going better than we expected, and the kids loved it! We also ended off with singing some of the standards. It was also fun to help answer some of the questions the kids had about the site mission and the nmp missions. Some of the missionaries also shared their stories of why they got called on this mission and the testimony they have. It's always so cool to feel the spirit in the room when we share our testimonies of our callings. Something that always seems to be said is that ""God knew that we needed to be here, at this time, with these people"". And I know that is true. I've said it myself in my own testimony.",https://drive.google.com/open?id=1LPE_9ivtwdFIc_aPG-HrGmcdq5b8XdEK$%$Amanda Anderson,6/13/2024,"Thursday, Summer Cast, Stage","I woke up today excited and ready for the day. I got a healthy oatmeal breakfast with berries while I studied in 3 Nephi 1, and I even had a little extra time this morning to do my makeup while my angel companion, Sister Barrus, did my hair. My morning was spent reflecting on my personal study, full of thoughts about those who were in Zarahemla at the time of the Christ’s birth. I pondered about how those who believed would have felt when the signs of the Christ’s birth came to pass, exactly as the prophets declared they would. As they watched their brethren choose to believe and repent and be baptized after realizing their pride and the truthfulness of the teachings of Samuel and Nephi. I pondered about how they must have felt knowing that they believed before the signs, maybe a hint of jealousy that they didn’t get signs to spark their conversion, or perhaps, more realistically, the joy they felt as they experienced a prosperous peace as their people came to an understanding of the gospel doctrine.We had a rehearsal for Praise to the Man and A Poor Wayfaring Man of Grief at 8:30. It was amazing to hear everybody’s voices coming together in such reverence for Joseph Smith and his life and memory. One voice in particular caught my attention; Elder Smith while singing the solo reflected such humble respect for the late prophet. His voice seemed to carry the testimony of John Taylor and his witness of the divinity of the work they did as he sung. Later, in between shows, while Go Ye was going on, the Sisters who weren’t in the cast played Five Crowns with me! I got to teach Sister Daurio and Sister Unsworth how to play and then those who weren’t in Hymns of Zion afterward got to keep playing. Around 4:00, when Youth of Zion was happening, the big thunderclouds started to roll in and Elder Pyrah and I were geeking out over them because they just looked so cool! I was excited to watch the storm, but I didn’t want it to rain on us just yet because I didn’t want Sunset to get cancelled. The first stake I served in on my full-time mission to Indiana had their whole youth group coming and tonight was the only night they would be able to see Sunset. However, God had other plans. It started pouring while we were eating dinner and Sunset was cancelled. We ended up all eating ice cream and playing the couch game with the little bit of extra time we had and then those who were in Trail of Hope headed to the West Theatre while the rest of us got ready to go to a fireside. The leaders of the Indy North Stake had arranged with Elder Furch for some of the band members as well as those not in the cast of Trail to come and perform for the youth. I had previously arranged to switch with my counter-part, Sister Heywood, to be able to go to the fireside and I’m so grateful that I did. When we got to the building for the fireside (after a very interesting car ride with a few near casualties to deer and frogs), they informed us that we would need to fill about 45 minutes of time. Not quite expecting to have to fill that much time, we worked together in a huddle outside of the building to create a set list about 5 minutes prior to the actual performance time. I saw some of the adults I worked with on my mission and I was just filled with so much joy and love. The Spirit witnessed to me that this was where I needed to be right now. We entered the building and started our set list, but it was much slower than we realized and a few songs in, Sister Blair pulled a few of us aside and we determined we needed something more upbeat, so we threw in “The Fox” and “Old Fashioned Day in Nauvoo” and made it work, having only some of the instrumentalists and soloists there. We had to all stomp a beat to fill in for the drum in The Fox and quickly find new partners for the dance to Old Fashioned Day, but we had so much fun with it, I’m not sure anyone would have known the difference. Then at the end, after we sang Laura’s Nauvoo, I got to share a spiritual thought. I shared my story about going on a mission and how God led me to meet the Dirks (a family from Westfield, Indiana who were in the room while I shared this testimony) to learn about the Nauvoo Performing Missionaries and eventually come here. I bore testimony of God’s omniscience and His love for us and desire to bless us, followed by an admonition for all who are considering serving a mission to go and start the process, to pray to know, to take the next step and to follow God’s plan for their lives and to watch as He blesses them eternally for it. *Miracle Moment: A few days later, we got feedback that there was a youth who was considering serving a mission and after the fireside, she was moved by the Spirit and she decided that she is going to serve a mission!*We then got to have a “Q & A” where the youth were able to ask us and the site missionaries questions about our lives and serving missions. They had some really insightful questions for us and it was an opportunity for us to bear testimony. I felt each of us being strengthened by the testimonies that were shared, especially Elder Wankier’s testimony of God leading him here before serving a full-time mission. He shared how even though the process has been long and is still ongoing, that he knows that God led him to be here now. This powerful testament to God’s love for his children nearly brought me to tears. After we finished the “Q & A”, the leaders announced that there was food in the basement and that we were welcome to come get some as well. I got to chat with my friends and catch up on all that has happened in the last year and they even brought me my guitar that I left in Indiana! After what felt like only a brief moment of chatting, Sister West brought me a little plate of food and informed me we had to go, so I gave hugs and just felt so uplifted, knowing that the relationships I’ve been building both in my last mission and in this one are lifelong and will continue to bless my life. I have such a firm testimony that Heavenly Father has a good plan for our lives and that He will never set us down a path that will lead us to sorrow. He only takes what we give Him and He gives us something better in return. Today strengthened my testimony that the Savior knows and loves each of us and that He puts people in our path that we need at just the right time. His hand is in it. He is involved. Of this I testify in the name of Jesus Christ, Amen. ","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TbiTjBCHVZCI8VuGYd6EgOHlc9iw6PMO, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1U8awdqziUGROgu7BcAdqm7wV8x2XLwLY, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1nWFHCAncaO138TsUuHGSFA1YjFZHBxst, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1rq_XadQhF_1_aOyX4Ay5sKbJD-E6hCY_"$%$Elder Ferrin,6/15/2024,Leader,"It is always a pleasure to gather with the missionaries in our morning meetings and feel the spirit as a group. There is always such profound wisdom shared.I love the morning ceremony of the Nauvoo Brass Band. It goes so well and so smooth. I find the Spirit really witnesses to me as the band performs the Star-Spangled Banner honoring our wonderful country. As the National Anthem is complete they begin the section of the bands participation in the funeral ceremonies of the Prophet Joseph Smith. With the music of Emma’s Lullaby in the background it is very touching and a witness of the Prophets great work and final testimony.  As the bands leaves the audience, Called to Serve is powerful and invigorating. Nauvoo was surprising empty this morning. There were not a lot visitors as we traveled the streets. Generally speaking, the Nauvoo Brass Band (NBB) performs upbeat and more entertaining music on Main Street and more sacred and reverent music on Water Street by the  Red Brick Store and Joseph Smith home, cemetery, and the Nauvoo House. I love the excitement of the swing music the band plays, and lighter popular tunes and marches. I have also gained a real fondness for the hymns and sacred selections that we play on Water Street. It is very much a testimony as we perform for people along Water Street. It is great to perform the sacred music, especially for families and youth groups. As there were not a lot of people in Nauvoo this morning, we passed the blacksmith shop on Parley Street and just kep going out toward the river and then around on lower Water Street along the river where there weren’t any people. This is a great place to touch up some of the music and learn another composition to perform. This morning, we learned Barnum and Bailey’s Favorites well enough to use in the Sunset pre-show. Along the river it is cooler with a breeze as we rehearse. On mornings that we rehearse we do the band wagon performances until around noon. We find that by the time we get to the Joseph Smith properties and on to main street that the number of guests has increased.I really enjoy the William Pitt NBB re-enactment. The band plays so well in the auditorium and they get the opportunity to really play in a refined fashion. It is simply thrilling to me to hear them on stage in the concert environment. Just when I think it can’t get better, it always does. I love working also with the stage missionaries who truly bring in a special feeling to the program. Their interaction with the audience is wonderful. It is a wonderful collaborative effort. The whole Sunset on the Mississippi performance is always a joy. It is hot. Both physically and in character. The pre-show is a lot fun. I get to start and stop and band and hopefully entertain the audience with their great music. I thank the band for being so professional that I don’t worry one bit about their performance. I have often commented to Sister Ferrin that I feel like Lawrence Welk from his show in the 60’s and 70’s pretending like I am conducting the band while the musicians carry the show. (The young NPM’s will have to look up Lawrence Welk.) Tonight, a little boy of three was down in front stage left  literally imitating everything that I did on stage. He had the punches down. It was real lesson of never knowing when you are having and influence. Fortunately, a sister sitting behind the boys family recorded him acting out the performance. (Picture below.) After the performance I went to meet the little boy named Oliver and his family. They are in Nauvoo for a family reunion. The family is spread across the United States and met in Nauvoo to be with each other. As a parent and grandparent I can feel how the parents hope their children will feel the witness of the Holy Ghost in their lives. They hope their children and grandchildren will receive a witness of Jesus Christ and prophetic role of Joseph Smith. It is a solemn responsibility to bear that witness to these rising generations. I can see the impact of all of the performing missionaries on these rising generations. These young guests see and hear these wonderful missionaries bearing their testimonies through their music. They can also feel that the gospel is a gospel of joy and often fun. Young people with testimonies are outstanding. As I watch “Sunset” nightly, I keep having the impression of how valuable every person in the production is. It is so wonderful to see all of the individually powerful spirits coming together for one unified purpose. The testimonies of each individual, the stage performers, band, and tech crew come shining through. The future of the church is in great hands.Trail of Hope is very rewarding for me. Each night I get to see just 5 NPMs performing in a quintet. It is so great to get to know them in a smaller setting. Tonight Sister Robinson traded with Elder Sanders on instruments. Instead of horn, Sister Robinson played trumpet on some songs and Elder Sanders played horn instead of trumpet. They did so well that did not realize it in their sound. We learn one instrument to become musicians, after that another instrument is just about learning technique. I also get to visit with the guests as they gather for the Trail of Hope. It is rather fun as I often meet people at the trail that we have met on the wagon, at afternoon concert, and at Sunset. It is very satisfying to meet people that are here 3 to 4 days. They just become part of the family. In simple and hope direct words I bear witness of the divinity of Jesus Christ and living reality of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. I bear witness of the mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith and the gospel and church that the Lord restored through him. To all of the missionaries. Thank you for bing part of our lives.    ",id=1pEnxqWbY272rZpb09Q0ZFylNrU6KVixJ$%$Elder Schnebly ,6/16/2024,"Sunday, Tech","Welcome to the life of a Technissionary: strange schedule every day. Well, I guess Sundays are little more ""normal"" than most. Our district leader, Elder Jackman, had been told he was speaking this week in the visitors' ward. So, we arrived early to church in the East theater and sat at the front edge so we could sneak out after he finished playing prelude. Upon arriving at the visitors' ward, we found out he was not speaking, so we went back down to the visitors center. We were going to sneak in the back this time, but they were already in the middle of the sacrament, so we waited outside until they were done. The other Band Elders that had come with us went back to the visitors' ward, but we snuck in and listened to the talks in the East theater. I especially loved Sister Bundy's talk about the Scout Law. As today is Father's Day, I was naturally thinking about my father, who is currently working at Scout Camp for the summer (along with most of my siblings). Hearing a talk focused on Scouting helped me be able to connect with him already. As the closing Hymn began, we snuck back out to the visitors' ward so we could partake of the Sacrament. The opening Hymn there happened to be the same as our closing Hymn in the Mission Ward! After the Sacrament was over, we snuck back over yet again, sneaking in the back of the East Theater to catch the tail end of Sunday School.We had our quick correlation meeting there once everyone else had cleared out. The amazing Sisters in Hatch house (the home of my ancestor Jeremiah Hatch) made the Elders some delicious muffins with chocolate chips in them for Father's Day as we are ""future fathers."" Then, as temple prep class began, Elder Hardy and I went to go retrieve the mics and things from the Sunset stage. We finished setting up in the West Theater for the Love of the Savior concert, then I walked around the visitor's center for a bit looking at some of the displays. One that especially caught my attention was a statement written by Orson Hyde titled at the bottom ""Declaration of the Apostles"" where he describes the day that Joseph Smith conferred all the Keys of the Priesthood upon the Twelve Apostles to guide the church when he was gone. I had heard the story quoted many times before, but seeing it written in his own hand was different. I could feel the power of the Apostles' conviction and their testimonies of the Restoration.Once temple prep was over, we went home and had lunch then came right back to the West Theater. Finally, everyone began to show up and mic up for mic checks. I could faintly here them rehearsing Praise to the Man and A Poor Wayfaring Man of Grief for the Commemoration of the Martyrdom coming up in a couple of weeks or so. In the light booth I cannot hear much of anything that isn't coming in through a mic into my speakers. The dimmer rack and audio racks are constantly humming and the window is completely closed, so I'm deaf for the most part for every show unless it's mic'd.The shows went on with minimal problems (I write as I'm about 10 seconds late for a cue...). One of my favorite cues in the whole show is in Peace like a River where we have the moving lights make a rippling river on the back curtain (thanks Nate!) My favorite song though, (which I just had a late cue for...) is I Heard Him Come. My favorite cues are the moment the soloist speaks and sings about the crucifixion, the lights bleed to red. Then when they begin to speak about His resurrection, the lights bleed to white (this was the cue I was late on, but it wasn't too far off for anyone to notice but me (even Elder Coblentz didn't notice) to detract too much from anything, especially since it's a slow fade anyway...) I've sung the song before in ward choir and it's such a powerful song. But the arrangement we have and the accompanying story just makes it even better! Even though it's a story about a leper in Jerusalem, it's such a universal story. It is a story of feeling outcast to some degree, feeling unclean, feeling like if others, including the Savior, knew who you were or what you were or what you'd done, they'd turn away. But Jesus never will turn us away. If we come to Him, He can and will heal whatever pain or affliction you may have. And though it may not be an immediate healing, He will stand by you and comfort you and bear you up. All he asks is that we do our best to follow Him and walk with Him, and He will walk with you.Between shows, we had some snacks in the Bistro including some delicious semi-frozen watermelon! After the shows we put all the mics away and cleaned up from the shows. Then we went home to make dinner. We made chicken alfredo and it was really good. I may or may not have eaten an entire spoonful of garlic while we were cooking because why not and also my companion might be a vampire after throwing a bat out the door with his bare hands... It honestly didn't taste like garlic except a little bit of the aftertaste. I followed that up with a swig of straight lemon juice to temper it a little bit...Well, then we got in our costumes and went down to the 70's Hall for our weekly meeting. I was asked to say the prayer. We talked about some of the history of the 70's hall. Then we talked about sharing our testimony in all we do, especially in our performances. We can testify in normal and natural ways without have to say ""I know"" or end with ""Amen.""Then we went out to Trail of Hope. I walked down, trimming and lighting the torches, tripple-wielding the lighters along with my sparker and scissors. I wasn't able to light any with the sparker, but it was still fun to try! Only a couple had some floofies (a very technical term I made up) that I had to cut, but quite a few had a weird oily crust that was also burning, but at least they were burning extra bright! I generally patrol up and down the trail looking for lanterns that go out, but I didn't roam very long because there were not many people today. I love listening to the stories on the trail as I walk past them all. They are so inspiring and so REAL. Yesterday, we opened some new trail lanterns and discovered they can be remote controlled! So we had fun yesterday and today messing with people (but not interrupting performances) and making them think their lanterns were malfunctioning!As we were winding down, my dad was finally available for a little bit to call. It was awesome to get to talk with him a bit and share some of my Nauvoo experiences with him. I am so grateful for my dad!As we cleaned up, a kid picked up one of the stool lights and took it with him, but luckily Elder Lunt was able to spot it and stop them and get it back. We put everything away and locked up the 70's Hall as the sun finished setting and the stars began to appear.","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1da9QzYHE34hcX3MUZYP7ehUP7FjKzrO4,id=1bvyLOW90VAkMcFR-yMcAqO_VVkeTSlhl"$%$Autumn Redd,6/17/2024,"Monday, summer — stage","Today was P-day! Sister Andy and I were in charge of picking up district groceries for the week so we spent the morning in Keokuk! We found some gems at The Thrift including an embroidered chicken shirt in honor of “the hen!”.We stopped for lunch at the Red Front and enjoyed some delicious avocado, bacon burgers. Later in the afternoon, Sister Andy and I visited the Vilate and Heber C Kimball home. We learned that Heber was a true friend of Joseph Smith. Heber C Kimball and  Brigham Young were the only ones that never crossed him. I have the chance to play Vilate in “Go Ye” and it was cool to see where she lived and hear the “Hurrah for Israel” story in their home. They only lived there for 3 months before departing West. We also visited the Lucy Mack Smith home with a character encounter. All of the words that were spoken were Lucy’s words out of her book “The History of Joseph Smith by His Mother”. We learned that at Hyrum and Joseph’s viewing, they spoke to their mother and told her that they were testimony was sealed with their blood and that all was well in heaven. At 5:00 tonight the band played a concert on the sunset stage. About 5 minutes before the show started, it started poring rain! Elder Furch was right! The weather in Nauvoo changed at the drop of a hat! The band had to quickly strike everything on stage but by the time they did, the rain stopped haha! Because of the rain, sunset was extremely HUMID and HOT, making it the hottest and most sweaty show yet! Sister Furch and Sister Ferrin graciously made root beer floats and frozen bananas for the cast! It hit the spot! ","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1tPCATXBlQfLOns0yrjHQkqUBTldMFA8L, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1tLtkrm98lJ-eJDMnLv3uxWBjj_jF1KU9"$%$Sister Chloë Barrus,6/18/2024,"Tuesday, Stage","It was kind of a crazy day! It started out just like normal, I did my regular morning vignettes of Nauvoo Singers and Hymns of Zion. Then, we went to perform Go Ye Into All The World as we normally do. I was portraying Vilate Kimball, and at the part where everyone gets super sick, I went up on the stage with Elder Call, who was playing Heber, and I started saying my line. As I was saying my incredibly heartfelt line, Elder Call looked a little panicked and then suddenly swiped at my head very quickly. I was slightly confused, still in the middle of giving my line, and I had to try so hard not to break and start laughing, especially because some of the audience members were laughing at us. We made it all the way through the vignette and I learned afterwards that a spider was on my head and it’s started crawling from the back towards my face. I thought it was hilarious, but I honestly was very grateful that he swiped it off instead of leaving it. After that we went home and had lunch, and then did our afternoon vignettes like normal. I was in Women of Nauvoo, Nauvoo Singers, Go Ye, Women of Nauvoo, and then Youth of Zion. We went home after youth and had dinner. We went on to do Sunset by the Mississippi, and it felt like it was going to be a regular show. But by the time we got to The Gallant Ship, I knew something was not right. I started getting this weird aching sensation in my elbow. Recently I’ve had some rough health issues in my joints in both of my legs that has prevented me from being able to dance to the extent I want to, so I wanted to keep going despite the pain in my elbow since I already had been kept from dancing before. But by the end of Skip to my Loo, the dull ache turned into a bit of a surging pain. It was radiating from my elbow, and I didn’t know what to do because I had already taken advil and another painkiller for the pain in my legs just to be able to dance, so I didn’t know how to help the pain in my elbow subside. So I came of stage after skip to my loo and already some of the other npms could tell something was wrong. I just started crying because it hurt so bad, and the other amazing missionaries that were sitting there with me backstage were doing anything they could think of to make it better. Elder Wankier sat with me and helped me do some meditation to help calm me down. One thing that hit was when he said “God loves you. He is so proud of you.” That was something I really needed to hear in that moment. Then when everybody else had to go on stage again, Elder Coblentz sat with me and played a game to get my mind off the pain. I was so grateful to be surrounded by such Christlike and loving people. I sat out the rest of the show, which was a little bit disheartening for me, but in that moment I felt so much love.","https://drive.google.com/open?id=15HQgmJNQWKiL9IG4d0_AmrAkAPeqvUZN, https://drive.google.com/open?id=170n739gdHi94bpCkfFIqVCdd0IgDN_vC, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1HpVIMgjhbJESrAv8DCiGlSH8AOb05PnU"$%$Elder - Cole Joyner,6/19/2024,"Wednesday, Summer, Stage","Dear Diary,What a splendid occasion this day is to embark in the service of God which has so been placed elegantly before us. My eyes awoke at 6:30 exactly (not a second earlier, nor later) to the sweet alarm sound of Elder Coblentz raving about a frog in which he had caught at Trail of Hope one night. Keep in mind that Elder Coblentz does not live in this house, but the alarm was a sound bite I fashioned from a Google Drive video a few week prior. So now Elder Sam Smith and I wake up every morning to Elder Coblentz’s voice saying “I got a frog, I got a frog……..eeeeekkkkk!!!!”The house in which I live is the White House behind the family history center known as the “Marlowe House”. Among our district is Elders Smith, Maner, Weekes, Larsen, and our fearless District Leader Elder Hardy! Elder Smith and I have the privilege of a bedroom window that faces the beautiful Nauvoo Temple. If we so choose, we could walk from our house to the temple grounds in approximately 60 seconds.When we exited the confinements of our individual beds, our house prepared for the day in usual morning routine. This, I will not go into detail as it is not of interest or the nature to which this entry appertains. Upon entering the kitchen to prepare a breakfast for my stomach, Elder Larsen and I caught glimpses of each other’s eyes. I saw something within them that was more than just color. It was adventure! Thrill! This to which both of us stopped in our tracks and began to recite business slogans to all the wrong business. For example, I would say “Nike! We have the meats.” Then he would say “Walmart! Every kiss begins with K!” This persisted for at least 20 minutes. We then parted ways and had our individual breakfast’s.I will now recite what each of us had for breakfast: I had a a bowl of yogurt with granola and a breakfast danish. Smith had a sausage and probably some bread. Maner had a smoothie. The contents of which I do not know, but can be assumed as that which strengthens 100 horses. Probably spinach. Larsen ate a pizza. Hardy probably had a cosmic brownie. That which Weekes ate, I do not know. However, we shall assume that he did eat!I then proceeded to listen to a few chapters of the book “SAINTS”, which is featured on the Gospel Library app. I further studied the life of Parley P. Pratt within the novel and did some contemplation as I would be portraying him in Go Ye. I love the trust and faith Parley showed in Gods plan as he served as a missionary in Canada. He was worried for his sick wife back home and unsure how to go about this divine work of God. However, God guided him through it all. Then the Marlowe house collected their belongings and made their way to their vehicle. In the words of uncanonized scripture, “….. and it came to pass, the boys went out….”Elder Maner ever-so gracefully smoothed the wheel of the brown van, in which we travel, down the roads of Nauvoo towards the cultural hall. We arrived into the dusty, gravel parking lot to which Elder Maner parked the vehicle of transportation ever-so carefully. Then all 6 of us linked hands and skipped to the cultural hall cheerfully singing the hymns of Zion. Particularly the one goes “Rockin my soul in the bosom of Abraham.”When we arrived into the chamber of the Cultural Hall, we were pleasantly greeted by the faces of the Stone House who were conducting our coordination meetings this week. We had the most exquisite song played by Elder Brenchley and conducted by Elder Coblentz. Followed by a prayer by Elder Lemon and spiritual thought from Elder Jackman. The band then departed and the stage missionaries were banished to the basement of the cultural hall to prepare for their performances of Nauvoo Singers and Praise His Name In Dance. We prepared and had notes regarding our previous performances. Next we gathered all of the instrumentalists and headed on our long trek up the backstairs of the Cultural Hall. We arrived at the secret double door which leads to the stage. I, along with Elder Shaw, Sister Bennett, Sister Unsworth, and Sister Harmon awaited our moments of music whilst our fearless captain Elder Poyfair watched the front door through the crack of the double doors. He would wait to see the other missionaries and then sacrifice himself in opening the door for us. He is the reason that we come through the door to start the show. Without Elder Poyfair, the instrumentalists would probably still be standing at the door waiting this very second.At once, the doors swung open and we played our hearts out on those stringed instruments. I’ll be honest, I may have messed up a time or two on the guitar. But that is ok…… because literally EVERYONE heard it. (Insert smiley face). At the time when Elder Larsen recites his line of “Choose The Sprite”, I respectfully grabbed the back of his suspenders and YEETED him back for being a “silly goose.” I personally love singing “Laura’s Nauvoo”. It brings such a powerful sense of the spirit and is a testament of the beauty of Nauvoo. After this event, we had brief interactions with those who came to see our show before preparing for Hymns of Zion (which also takes place in the Cultural Hall). Elder Larsen and I spot checked each other to make sure we were stage ready. Sister Daurio then gave us our starting pitch before we went in singing “How Firm A Foundation.” Sister Daurio is known as our human pitch-pipe. This because she has perfect pitch and can give us any note needed. Legend has it that when she was a small child, she swallowed a pitch-pipe and thus resulted in ability to sing any note. One of my favorite parts of this show is getting to sing the third melody variation of “O My Father.” The song is sweet and the lyrics tender. I truly feel a strong sense of the spirit every time we sing that song and learn of the doctrine of our Heavenly Parents. After the performance, we gathered up the crew and headed off in vans to pick up Youth of Zion people and go to the 70’s Hall. Go Ye is probably one of my favorite shows because of the opportunity we have to portray the apostles and the impact they had through their divine missions of God. I got to portray Parley P. Pratt today. On “B-Days” however, I get to portray the English Man and John Benbow. On those days I really try to play up the character of the English Man in a rugged way as to make Elder Weekes break character when we have our interaction. We then drove the Maxwell Elders to the Cultural Hall to drop them off and pick up the rest of our Marlowe Elders. We all went home for lunch and at the nummiest of goodies. I then took the briefest nap upon my bed to which I dreamed of what I would eat for dinner, for I did not know and it was a mystery to me. Then rest of the Elders assembled at our humble abode and we prepared to leave for “Elder’s Songs and Stories.” We drove up to the singing tree for our show and I carefully scouted the audience looking for a worthy opponent to play the role of Orrin Porter Rockwell. We found a dad that looked to be a good choice and we asked him if he’d be willing to be a part of some audience participation (not disclosing that role). He said yes, but he had no idea what was in store for him. Our went quite well and we performed our little hearts out and we were honored by the presence of the Sisters who perform “Women of Nauvoo.” They decided to come see our show before they headed off to their show. After we finished our stellar barbershop song followed by backflips, we continued to mingle with a few people before leaving to the cultural hall.We prepared for Nauvoo Singers while the sister were traveling over from their show and then we rocked the house with songs of the spirit and of wonder. This performance went pretty well and about the same as our morning one. Once we finished, the Lunt’s had our vehicles of transportation awaiting us outside and we all piled in and zoomed (at a slow respectable speed) to Go Ye. This is a cast of Go Ye that I am not actually in, but I get the privilege of tagging along due to the fact that all the other Elders are in the show. I usually sit on the stairs and read my book “The Divine Gift of Forgiveness” by Elder Anderson, but I decided to watch the show today. I always love getting to whoever is playing the constable, as they storm through the hall making people jump at their first interaction.Once this show finished, we all ran back over to the cultural hall for a Hymns of Zion show. When we began to walk in singing “How Firm A Foundation”, we saw President and Sister Mehr in the front row. We knew we had to kick it up a notch. Each one of us made sure to speak each line in a testifying and profound way so that our testimonies could shine through. The majority of the time we try to look into each persons eyes and share a moment with them through our performance as we sing. However, when looking at the Mehr’s, I noticed they tried not to make eye contact too often. Could it be……. that the front row is too close for comfort in starting someone in the eyes? Perhaps. They would often look down or appear to be just listening and taking in the music we were singing.We finished this show and the Elders left to go set up for “Songs and Stories”. I scouted out another victim to grab for our Porter Rockwell song and we absolutely rocked that singing tree with our music. Then in waiting for our next show, we sat around the benches and chatted with the visitors that were passing. Then the sisters arrived from doing their Women Of Nauvoo vignette. I started jamming a little bit on my guitar, to which Elder Wankier and Sister Daurio joined in and added some melodies to go with the music. I’m pretty sure Elder Wankier threw in a few riffs at one point. Close to 4 o’clock, we assembled for a quick pow-wow before our Youth Of Zion show. Then we hit the ground running, doing all sorts of wondrous tricks and kicks. As we were going through the show, a very large speaker began to play in the distance and became kinda distracting. It was the people from the pageant stage who were setting up and testing their systems. It was both distracting and exciting, because this meant that the pageant cast would be coming next week. I was particularly excited because I know a few people working with the pageant this year. Particularly my good friend Jared from the UK. Once our show finished, there was the tall man in the back wearing a bright neon green shirt that gave Elder Smith a big hug. I then walked over and saw it was his dad. Elder Smith’s dad surprised him by coming early and said he would take us out to dinner. We got in the car and drove to the famous REDFRONT! Upon walking in the smell of the Burgerdilla called out to me and my stomach became hooked. I knew this is that meal that would grace my stomach today. We ordered and Elder Smith’s dad made a joke to the cashier upon which the responded with the most straight and unamused face. We had a wonderful meal and I got to know Elder Smith’s dad a little bit better. Then we walked across the street to Eborn Books because Elder Smith wanted to find a book on temple covenants. I was also browsing for fun and found a lovely day-cap that caught my eye. I ultimately decided against the matter. I instead got a nifty pocket edition of the King Follet Discourse, which I have been meaning to read. We were then dropped back off at our house and found the rest of our district sitting around the table as usual. All were present except for Elder Maner. He and Elder Shaw volunteered to go share their testimonies at the 70’s hall for a youth devotional. Upon a few more minutes of chatting, Elder Furch walked in to give us our updated Pageant schedules. He then pulled up a chair and joined our table conversations for a few minutes before he had to run off on more errands. Once Elder Maner returned from his adventure, we all got ready left for the Sunset Stage. When we got to the sunset stage, we immediately got our mic belts on without delay (as usual). We got all ready and then went through an intense stretching session backstage. We had a lovely pre-show meeting lead by Elder Schnebly. Elder Smith then assigned me to give the prayer at the beginning of the show. After I said the prayer, I met Elder Hardy on the side of the stage with the axe, ready to do our lumberman’s job for the beginning show. Sunset went pretty well and we ran our marathon as usual. Sweat dripped from every inch. I was sweaty, Elder Larsen was sweaty, Elder Maner was sweaty. We finished up the show with nothing too out of the ordinary. When we went backstage afterwards, there was a gracious gift given by the Squire family who runs the RedFront. There were several boxes of cinnamon rolls. They were just about the nummiest things you could imagine. We all had some and enjoyed the time just to talk. Then Elder Hardy and I were ready to leave, but the other Elders were still talking. We waited by the stairs leading out to the parking lot. Slowly more and more people started to leave, but we were still standing by the stairs waiting. Then all whole group of site sisters left the visitors center from the weekly watch party of The Chosen. They all got in their vans and they left, yet Hardy and I were still standing on the stairs waiting. We waved to the sisters as all 10 billion of their vans left. Finally we pried Elder Maner away from his social bubble and head to the car and went home. We got home and all sat around the table sharing sweet conversations. Finally, to end our night we all got in our pajamas and fed each other Oreo’s.","id=1WNoDb5VTISScpnqmanjePXAUQi7QuYJ2, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1nvjmDLY49DwkXegGoMwEqN8A4HCzFUmq"$%$Sister Franz,6/20/2024,"Thursday, Stage!","The day started, as it usually does, in front of the vanity at exactly 6:32am. I put my hair up in that oh-so-fashionable T-part, while Sister Andersen raved about the king follet sermon (it’s actually so good and you should read it). At the morning devotional, we were gifted cookies from the Omer’s! They wanted to thank us for our time spent in the 70s hall yesterday. Elder Shaw single handedly made the read-through such a blast, and at the end we sang Hark all ye Nations. I was grateful for the morning dose of sugar! During the break between Praise his Name in Dance, a little girl named Lacey came up to us sisters, and very proudly gave us … a stick! Her aunt told us that she wanted to come and hang out with the missionaries! My heart melted!!! (Cuz that is the most adorable thing I’ve ever heard in my entire life!) Sister Hailstone did a wonderful job of ministering to them and was a true example to me of how we can bless the lives of those that come to visit Nauvoo. In the afternoon shows, we covered for a Sister who wasn’t feeling super great today. We divvied up her lines in Women of Nauvoo, and I got, “we strengthen each other in sisterhood, and rejoice to bear one another up” That is such a cool line and I know that to be true! Although it was sad to be without one of our sisters, I knew we were serving her and that service brings us closer to Christ and to each other. Today also featured Elder Maner’s excellent fly swatting skills in the basement of the cultural hall, where he toppled over everything in his path (chairs and people included) to MISS the singular fly buzzing around with the lid of the cookie Tupperware we’d been given earlier. It was a dark time. Sunset had a few casualties. Sister Shaw leapt on top of Elder Hardy during Mississippi Mud, causing him to end up in a pile of limbs in the floor! Why? I don’t know, but it was funny and thankfully nobody got seriously injured. Unfortunately, Sister Andersen did get injured. In Nauvoo Pioneers she fell funny and hurt her foot! She sat out for the rest of the show and afterwards was given a blessing of healing by Elder Maner and Elder Joyner. I was present for the blessing and it hit me how amazing it is that we have access to Gods power of healing here on this earth. I am truly grateful for that, and I am grateful for the worthy Elders who can administer such blessings.The last miracle of the day happened at trail. It’s a silly thing but I greatly dislike spiders, and there was an elder who came and killed one for me at my station on trail. It made me feel a little better even though the spider would probably not have impacted my performance at ALL, but I was grateful for its absence. I’m overwhelmed with gratitude for the people I serve with, their talents and kindness humble me every day!  I love you all!! 🎬",id=1hm9itJPn6RYXzkb9nlD7o1fzjpn-kLyv$%$Lynn Hall,6/21/2024,Friday; Summer; Band,"Elder Jackman had scheduled baptism appointments for us at 8am this morning (arriving at 7:30). I know God is watching our for us. I brought 4 family names to the temple today.I was prompted to say a prayer before the baptism asking God to bless them according to what I felt inspired about regarding their names and their birth places and birth years. I desire to do more research on specific people (where information exists) before I take their name to the temple. I want to have an idea of who they were if I can.I baptized Elder Schnebley and Sister Anderson (the brunette) for 5 people each.We performed the band flag ceremony at 9:30 as we do every morning. There was a sizable crowd there and they seemed to enjoy it. We played the wagon around town. We almost interrupted Praise His Name in the Dance with playing Happy Birthday to sister Shaw, but we determined it would detract from their missionary work. We ended up playing it later during the Sunset Preshow, which was  much more appropriate occasion. There were 2 groups that included youth and adults from Indianapolis, Indiana and Rockford, Illinois. I'm glad we could play for them from the wagon.Elder Black is really getting the swing of things (pun intended) with all our music. He's picked up on so much already and is fitting in nicely, both musically and socially. I hope he feels our love and appreciation for him dropping everything and investing himself in this work so recently. He is a fine man working to become a better disciple and missionary, just as we all are.Lunch for me was sandwiches, specifically a creamy peanut butter with strawberry jelly sandwich and a smoked turkey, mayo, and sliced colby jack cheese samdwich. I'm sure you wanted to know.The William Pitt Concert reenacment had about three-fifths of a fully house today. That is pretty good for us. Some of our music, like 76 trombones, is definitely not period accurate, but the joy and vibe is there, so our missionary purpose can be fulfilled, especially if it carries a personal connection for someone. We may never know what our music does for them. Elder Ferrin often says something about how nice it is in this air-conditioned park, which is funny. The stage decorations and script implies a concert in the park, but it's in the air-conditioned west theater of the visitor's center. While it kinda gives away the suspension of disbelief, it's a pretty cute statment. I don't know what the stage missionaries think of it.After the performance, it took a bit of time to get going so we could rehearse, which was kinda frustrating. I was not as patient as I wished I was with others in the van, but I think they accepted my apology and my desire to do better. We rehearsed at the FM cafeteria, which was a new experience. It seemed to work well. We worked on the 2 main carthage songs and Jumping at the Woodside, which is a jazzy arrangement featuring the woodwinds very prominently, while the brass have some simple backgrounds. It was a nice break for me. We have some new music to premier soon, including the theme from Robin Hood, the Muppet show theme, and Let it Go. We also have some historical music like Capstone March to do.Dinner was stroganoff by Elder Smith. He makes a really good stroganoff. I made it first, but he makes it really slap (as the young kids say).Sister Anderson (the blonde) broke her foot at Sunset yesterday. She will not be able to dance for at least a few weeks. It's really unfortunate, but I'm sure God will help her find blessings in this difficulty.There were cupcakes and decorations for Sister Shaw's birthday in the sunset dressing room. All the stage elders sang You Had A Birthday Shout Hurray. (See the picture)There were also cookies and brownies from the site missionaries. It may have been unrelated to Sister Shaw's birthday.Elder Ferrin has started refining 2 different setlists for our sunset preshow, both will contain children's songs and swing dancing, but they will be a bit different in other ways.Sunset had a lot more energy compared to the previous night. Things felt tighter and more upbeat. Tempos felt really good.  All in all, today was a great day, and as Elder Furch taught me, it was the ""best day of my life, Elders (and Sisters)!""",https://drive.google.com/open?id=1FRj48g6HyS04M1ShC--nEscMWRunEKdb$%$Elder Black,6/22/2024,"Saturday, Summer, Band","On Saturday I got to go with the Stone house to see Sister Nash’s rendition of the boot Shop encounter, then my trio got to spend time at the Tin shop. It was fun to see how many of the shops can be interconnected in what you are learning about old Nauvoo. Later that evening, I got to experience being part of the brass quintet during the trail of hope for the first time. Not only was it fun to play the tuba for the first time in while here, but we had a sister request “Abide with Me ‘tis Eventide”, she recorded it to send to a close friend who has a connection to that song that recently redeveloped Cancer after she had already overcame it once. It’s such a blessing that we get to provide those experiences to others all across Nauvoo.",id=18Nuh69v2-9-BxwZ4BvWQsD09OTfvfCNV$%$McCoy Weekes ,6/23/2024,"Sunday, Summer, Stage","Nice quiet morning I got to start the 3rd saints book and it’s so good! Before sacrament meeting Elder Smith was attempting to guess what hymns we were singing but was failing miserably. To clarify Sister Franz was putting up the numbers for the hymns and as she was in between placing them Elder Smith was guessing every number except the ones she chose. It was so hilarious. Elder Turner gave a cool talk today about revelation and inspiration. He discussed his conversion to the church and the inspiration that lead him there.  He also talked about how the Holy Ghost is how we receive these promptings but we have to be open to receive them. We then had a musical number Hie to Kolob by sister Buer, Oman, and Sexton. It’s was so beautiful and really spoke to my soul. The next talk was by Sister Grover she spoke about endurance. Christ is the ultimate example of endurance. Shelly brought up 4 aspects: 1. keeping the end in mind, 2. family, 3. it is easy to fall into complacency, 4. have a growth mindset. We are meant to improve through endurance. It’s is normal to have setback and bumps in our personal and spiritual growth. Endure our trials well they will help us draw closer to the savior. Next we had elders quorum. The talk we spoke about in class was All will be well because of temple covenants by Elder Henry B Eyring. We opened with a beautiful story about a temple where they were closing in 3 days and they didn’t turn off the lights or close the doors in order to help as many people receive their ordinances. Very similar to what the Nauvoo saints went through before they left the city. The video was ‘For of the covenants’ by Elder Bednar. “Because of the temple I can be healed of the turmoil i feel each day and feel peace and reflect on the covenants I have made in the temple.” Quote from an Elder. This quote really inspires me to go to the temple more often and makes me even more excited to receive my endowment. Elder Wankier then shared a beautiful scripture he found it was Isaiah 26:3-4,         “3 Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee: because he trusteth in thee. 4 Trust ye in the Lord for ever: for in the Lord Jehovah is everlasting strength:”.  I love this scripture because we can put our full trust in the Lord and He will bless and guide us in the right direction. Two important truths I learned in class: Temple work is just as much for the living as much as it is for the dead and the temple is supposed to be revisited and be a place of learning and revelation. Temple Prep was about symbols and clothing. The temple is both literal and symbolic. Jesus used parables to teach and to veil/conceal certain things. The temple is filled with symbols and symbolic teachings and it’s ok if we don’t understand everything all at once. We spoke about the symbols on the Nauvoo temple and what they mean. They represent Rev 12:1 go read it and see if you can interpret it! Wearing white in the temple represents a Zion Society everyone looks the same and there are no implications to status or anything like that. Overall I have loved this temple prep course it has been such a highlight of my week and definitely was part of my wanting to become endowed During the lunch break I went home and  put our dinner in the crockpot. We are having a sausage and tortellini soup with garlic bread and zucchini and squash. I then started to read the Holy Covenant which is just incredible!We had the LOS rehearsal and did our normal mic checks. We then ran the songs for the 27th memorial. After we went to the BISTRO to warmup with Elder Furch we sang Invocation which was really emotional because with the new cast coming tomorrow we know that our time here is almost over. Luckily though that means we get to still spend this next month and half together and create even more memories.Our first concert was great. I felt pretty good about it. Sister Andersen and the Here is Hope solo moved me to tears. And Sister Redds monologue was so touching and really set up the mood for the song. The band also sounded incredible! They are so multitalented both singing in the concert and also playing their beautiful instruments In between concerts we snacked on watermelon and chips as well as a peanut butter cake that the sisters brought. It was so yummy and definitely gave me the fuel for the next concert. We also signed the wall which is kinda sad cause it means our time together is coming to an end. The second concert went really well! For once during Here is Hope I decided to pay more attention to the band which was actually super cool because it made me appreciate them even more than before. They are truly all so talented and all of them deserve to be here. Elder Wankier did amazing on his I heard Him Come. Don’t tell anyone but his is my favorite. He is really able to get into character and portray the emotions of them. We had our weekly devotional with President and Sister Mehr in the 70s Hall. Our opening song was if the savior stood beside me but we sang a verse that Elder Call had written. It was absolutely beautiful. “Did the Savior walk this path here? On this trail, did He once roam? Did He walk with faithful Saints so they would never feel alone? I'm amazed to feel His presence, As I walk this trail I see Oh how I feel, to know that He is here Watching over me” Right after though elder Stephani made a funny comment and President Mehr said op there goes the spirit. Luckily though it came back quick when Sister Mehr got up to speak. She said: This is a time to practice receiving and acting on revelation. We then discussed how we have learned through faith and several people told us their experiences. President Mehr then continued on to speak about journals using Wilford Woodruff as an example of its importance. He has the most extensive journal of church history in existence. He then dropped a spiritual bomb on us could it be that the scriptures are the lord’s journal? He’s communicating with us through his journal. Study it and read it. Write about what you feel. What a beautiful experience and testimony of how great and amazing the art of journaling is. After their devotional we still were thirsting for more spiritual knowledge and nourishment. So we cornered the Mehrs and had them answer several questions and had a great Q&A session. Trail of hope was pretty uneventful. There weren’t very many groups but the sunset was beautiful! I was a trail guide but there weren’t enough people here so I didn’t have to walk anyone down and instead have a wonderful conversation with Sister Lunt about temples and the joy of learning. Then to round off the evening we made Oreo milkshakes and Elder Joyner serenaded me and Elder Hardy as we journaled. ","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1BogXnE2FMiqqcZo-7YV6xR6dP_RiVyAq, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1jczwvrzuYfEc5T0U33cwUfpCIcLnR_3y, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1kG1WLnQNkgEKNXbL6bPubXo6tfPZtw1w"$%$Jonah Larsen,6/25/2024,Tuesday - Stage,"Tuesdays are temple days! We at the Marlow House love temple days. Elder Hardy, Elder Maner, and I did endowments. The shows went as one would expect, until late in the evening. In the middle of Sunset, lightning bolts struck down. That which was showered down upon Noah in his day was truly manifested unto us that night. To escape the impending doom (rain), we skipped from Along Came Jones to 50 States. Never in my life has the show felt shorter (and been shorter). Some were disappointed that we skipped half the show, especially since the Fall Cast was watching it for the first time. I had a much more positive attitude about it, and actually kind of enjoyed how short it was.After evacuating the dance floor, we waited in the dressing rooms for Elder Furch to decide if we were proceeding to hold Trail outside or not. He finally capitulated and we prepped to do the show in the West Theater. I really enjoy doing Trail on Parley street, but there was something powerful about performing it on stage that night. After trail we went home and definitely did not frolic in the rain at all. I repeat, there was absolutely no frolicking in the rain that night. We were in bed.",id=1vq6rhhrutXbfUx1DWsy2Rv7cxEILo4iq$%$Elder Brenchley,6/26/2024,"Wednesday, Summer Band","I'm not the best at journal writing, or writing in general. But today was a fairly normal straight forward day, until right before the William Pitt concert where a member of the band got an upset stomach and had to stay home for the concert. Then waiting for the band concert to start I began to notice I had a small echo...echo...echo, it left after the concert but started after Sunset but both times I only seemed to have an echo when Sister Blair was near by not sure why though 🤔",https://drive.google.com/open?id=10bDeuf0Bb892bYcNHGNTG0FreRRjl-ZZ$%$Rebecca Shaw,6/27/2024,"Thursday, Stage","- today was an extra special day. It was the 180th anniversary of the martyrdom of Joseph and hyrum Smith. There was a special spirit in Nauvoo the entire day. The missionaries who performed in “Remembering Joseph” told us that the spirit was so so powerful and it felt like they weren’t just portraying characters in a show, they were portraying real people. We cut our shows short today so we could get ready for the commemoration at Carthage Jail. We practiced and polished up our songs that we were going to sing at the commemoration on the drive there. When we got there we did a sound check and one of the sisters pointed out that it was 5:16pm- the time we know that John Taylor’s watch stopped because it got shot. That is how we know that the martyrdom happened around that time. The spirit was reverent and powerful. We then had some time in between sound check and prelude so all the NPM’s went into the visitor center to rest and freshen up. I decided to find a quiet corner and take some time to spiritually prepare myself. I prayed and thanked Heavenly Father for the restoration of the gospel and the sacrifices of Joseph and Hyrum, along with all the other early saints and families that endured so much, yet still were devoted to the gospel of Jesus Christ. I am genuinely in awe of their perseverance and devotion to God. They would do anything to be able to be in this church. After my prayer a couple of the site sisters took us in to watch the video that they show at the beginning of the Carthage Jail tour. The video is of Jeffery R. Holland testifying of the Book of Mormon and with which whose blood its truthfulness was sealed with, Joseph and Hyrum. I LOVE that video. It is POWERFUL. He testifies of the reality of the events and how these men did not die for a church and religion they “made up.” They did it because it was true and they could not deny it. I loved the spirit and POWER that the video brought into my heart. I was then prompted to read the scripture that were on the table and they were opened to Doctrine and covenants section 135. This section is the announcement to the saints of the death of the prophet Joseph and his brother Hyrum. I had heard quotes from this section but had never read it all the way through. I was struck specifically by the chapter in Ether 12 that was read and quoted by Hyrum. It said this:  “And it came to pass that I prayed unto the Lord that he would give unto the Gentiles grace, that they might have charity. And it came to pass that the Lord said unto me: If they have not charity it mattereth not unto thee, thou hast been faithful; wherefore thy garments shall be made clean. And because thou hast seen thy weakness, thou shalt be made strong, even unto the sitting down in the place which I have prepared in the mansions of my Father. And now I … bid farewell unto the Gentiles; yea, and also unto my brethren whom I love, until we shall meet before the judgment-seat of Christ, where all men shall know that my garments are not spotted with your blood.- Right when I read that, my brother Joseph, leaned over to me and said look at this verse I just read. It was the exact verse that was quoted in section 135 and he said to me this is parallel to Joseph and Hyrum’s situation! And I was like yes it is! Because look I just read it in here! The prophets of old and our modern day prophets experienced persecution some were even martyrs. This parallel that we found between the book of Ether and the prophet Joseph was a testament to me that this church is true and it is the same as it was thousands of years ago. People were still persecuted and even died in the cause of Christ because of their undeniable testimonies that they sealed with their blood. That is so so powerful. We then started the prelude. I realized that every truth that we bore testimony of in our songs were either revealed or reaffirmed because of the restoration of the gospel and Joseph smith being a mouth piece for the Lord. It made those messages powerful and I was seeing them in a new way. My heart was full of gratitude. We sang pillar of light for the opening song and boy was that cool. I truly felt that each truth i sang in that powerful song was a personal testimony I got to share with the audience. The glory, the majesty, the individuality of this sacred moment in history. The God of the universe calling a 14 year old boy by his name and thereby illustrating his love for him and his awareness of his circumstances. Talk about POWER. The speakers were also profound and the spirit was STRONG. So many mic drop moments and one liners. I legit want to go back and study the talks that were given because they were amazing. One thing that I loved is the truth that Lucy Mack testified of when talking about how she felt about her sons and their martyrdom was she said they overcame the world with love. How cool?! The speaker invited us to take that invitation and follow the example of the prophet and live in love and charity for others. President Mehr talked about “Nauvoo miracles” he said one of the sisters was expressing that she missed her proselyting  mission because of the change she got to see in people. Yet she was having experiences in Nauvoo where people were drastically changing in a matter of a week. How cool that we get to be apart of a mission that creates so much love, joy, and light that people can be changed in just a few short days. Near the end of the program we sang a poor wayfaring man of grief and it was so powerful. Right when we sang the last verse that talks about the savior standing before mine eyes the lights around Carthage turned on. It was such perfect timing and it was just like the spirit was rushing in and lighting Carthage. I definitely got teary eyed while singing that last verse because of the message that it illustrates of “when you are in the service and I would say sacrifice of your fellow beings you are only in the service of your God.” I have had to make a lot of sacrifices on this mission, put my whole soul into spreading light and love to others but I’m really doing it in the end for God. When we sang praise to the man it was a celebratory moment. The story about how this song was written and the message of forgiveness and repentance is profound. I know that Joseph Smith was a prophet of God and that he was chosen to bring Christ’s church back to the earth in its fullness and glory. I’m so grateful for the selfless and devoted life he lived, as well as his family and friends that were supporting him through it all. I only know and have access to the fullness of Gods power because of Joseph Smith and I’m eternally grateful for him. It was a day of remembrance, celebration and POWER.","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ym8eyG6NP6TcXmZz10ruKK62FgXHwiAR, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1cnBQI-V2U5WfPPTTyeAbksxKHF9d9MnL, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1sPOdsK8hdQqNjBvh0QuX0SrnoBfHm3yn"$%$Adam Lemon,6/28/2024,"Friday, band","This morning, I awoke to find Elder Smith and Black doing yoga in my bedroom. I suppose my room is now the designated yoga space. I got up and left the room, still deeply disturbed. I then proceeded to eat a highly nutritious breakfast of toast and cereal. I felt better. We left for our first band coordination meeting, which was very nice, and sister Robinson shared a spiritual thought. We closed then stepped outside to find it was raining, and heavy rain was predicted that day, along with thunder. We decided to call the band wagon off for the day and use the time to go see some of the vignettes. Only 2.23413735 minutes after we had made this decision, the rain thinned and stopped. We decided to hurry up and leave before we changed our minds. The first vignette we saw was Nauvoo singers, which had me out of breath from laughing. I'm guessing my expression during the performance was similar to that of a dog upon receiving a whole chicken and being offered a walk. It was hilarious. We then went to hymns of zion and Go ye. Supposedly, there was a group of people that was supposed to meet us at pioneer pastimes for a performance at 11:30. We set up and they never came, so we played for the other people who were there, mainly youth. We went home, where I enjoyed a classic ham, Swiss cheese, mustard, and relish sandwich. As usual, we performed the William Pitt show after lunch. When Elder Jackman and I were talking to people, we met a sweet boy with down syndrome, and we gave him drum sticks. I'm glad we had that opportunity to bring joy into his life. When we got home, it was my turn to cook and I made sloppy joes, which somehow turned out to be actually delicious. Sunset went fairly well. After sunset, we had a really nice spiritual conversation about how we feel the spirit. It was a really cool moment when we were all sharing our stories and experiences, and the spirit of the room was beautiful. I'm so glad I came to nauvoo. Being here has helped me grow so much closer to Christ and Heavenly Father. When I first came here, I was so overwhelmed, and I was really struggling. I even wanted to go home. But I decided to let my mission change me. As I studied my scriptures and prayed daily, as well as turning my heart towards the people who come here, I began to be more spiritually minded and enjoy performing in nauvoo. Going through hardships and continuing to press forward has helped me to become more intentional and open to spiritual promptings. I love my savior Jesus Christ so much, and I have felt of his incomprehensible love for me. Because of his infinite atonement, we can grow and become more like him. I'd like to close with my testimony that Joseph Smith was a true prophet, the church is true, and God loves each of his children individually",https://drive.google.com/open?id=11vfuIal4IZNKgL1Appcj5pBo6QB2xyp6$%$Elder Josh Stephani,6/29/2024,Saturday Stage Elders,"Today began like any other day: sleepy. So eepy, mighty sleebujee, incredibly sleeby. But, there was no time to assuage my exhaustion, we had a DANCE PRACTICE to go to! Just last night we had had a dance practice after sunset, and we were exceedingly anxious to dance again. So anxious in fact, that our next practice began at 7, less than 10 hours after the practice previous! After rolling out of bed, through the house, and into the car, we set out on our journey to learn anything and everything we would need to know to become the absolute experts of 2 moments in the Nauvoo Pageant: the welcome dance, and the evening dance. Luckily for me, I had the coolest, easiest part in the whole show. I sprinted downhill on the stage into a cartwheel, a few jumps, and then running back up the stage, waiting for the end of the welcome dance. The evening dance was like unto the first, incredibly easy, incredibly cool. We also get to waltz very close to Joseph and Emma smith in the evening dance, so thats pretty cool. My practice wasn’t very demanding, so I spend some minutes asleep on my backpack or the floor, as time permitted. However, duty called, and my responsibilities were no match for the crushing and overbearing weight of the hundreds of chairs that had yet to be placed beyond the stage. The large metal containers holding hundreds of chairs were greedy for charitable volunteer work hands to carry them, one at a time, out into the field to be placed and prepared for the upcoming pageants. Most of the practice was simply dragging chairs out single file from the trailers and bringing them out into the field to prepare for the performances to come. However, some missionaries with exceptionally difficult parts were provided with coaching and guidance from the lead choreographer of the pageant. After a great many chairs were replaced, we ran through both of the songs, the welcome song and the evening song, in quick succession, to verify that we understood the steps which we had learned in only two or three hours time. After the training, we set off to our homes, for the quickest shower and prep of our lives We ran home (by means of a car) and quickly changed out of our gross clothes, and into our period clothes. Some of us even had time to shower in the 30 minutes before our first show! Nauvoo singers was the first show of today, and it went great! No one fell over today, so it was better than days previous (Elder Poyfair’s Woah haw Buck and Jerry Boy Incident™️)After we finished Nauvoo singers, we went to the singing tree for our performance of youth of Zion and this time, actual youth showed up! At the children’s request, I put mud on Elder Shaw’s face 😈Then, we went into all the world, but first, we went into all the alcohol mist, because I sprayed up all of our costumes, and accidentally hotboxed the changing room. The other elders kindly reminded me that spraying a pungent scent directly into a fan is a bad idea. 👎 would not recommend.Once Go ye into all the world was finished, we headed home, where I cooked a lunch of chicken noodle soup. And by cooked I mean microwaved. Even though my lunch was quick and easy, I still didn’t have enough time to take a nap… 😔And so we went to the singing tree. Actually, we chose a guy who was super enthusiastic to be Orrin Porter Rockwell 🥳 He practically danced up to the chair for the song, and we had a great time!The time is nigh, that nappy time 🥰 I took my square pillow into the cultural hall basement, and explored the cognitive dreamscape for about 20 minutes, brown noise blaring from my headphones. After the most rejuvenating chair sleep this side of the Mississippi, it was time for round 2 of Nauvoo SingersAfter Nauvoo singers, I chatted with this little family who was all dressed up in their Sunday best. If their Sunday best was park ranger-core vests and camo shirts 🌄 They had some merch from the Yellowstone national park, and they were matching and stylish!After Nauvoo Singers, we had another nap opportunity, but instead I lent my square pillow to another tired sister, sister west 😴 The last few days have been particularly demanding, and were quite worn out. But we will always give our 100%, and make every performance exceptional. After our short break, we went back out to the singing tree, where our singing curve during elders songs and stories was impeccable 👌 we were listening to each other like a Bluetooth connection, totally in sync and connected.After such a good performance, we deserved a little break. I caught more Zs on one of the benches at the singing tree (pillowless) and Elder Lunt came bearing gifts: SNACKS 😋 after some Chex trail mix, I was undaunted, and ready for another performance.Youth of Zion was the last show before dinner, and we have it our all for the veritable horde of youth that swarmed us, like flies on a stinky piece of chicken, left in the sun 🪰 This show was great too, and many kids were happy that we showed them how to whistle and whittle, hide in corn, and be sealed to their families in the temple.One of the little kids was named Ryan, and he has Down syndrome. It was so sweet to see him enjoying one of our shows so much, and elder call became his fast friend 😍Speaking of fast, we made the fastest egg rolls you have ever seen for dinner. They were cooked up primarily by elder Poyfair, but everyone helped to make sure we had some food before sunset 🚐 We (egg) rolled out a few minutes late, but we were confident we would make it in time for the meeting…Until I forgot my suspenders. Elder Poyfair and I had to return home, and once we were back, we were a tad bit nigh, and almost missed the blood pact to strike the set for the tech elders 🩸 But the pact was made, and our way was set.The word to inspire us before sunset was nigh. It was “nigh”. Literally near, like the time is nigh. Because it was, and the return of Jesus Christ is also nigh. We are doing an important work, to prepare the hearts and testimonies of people for the return of Christ 😇Sunset by the Mississippi went excellent, with no major hiccups. Except the cowboy hat incident 🤠 during the Fifty States Medley, elder Shaw threw his hat so hard it landed on top of the dressing rooms. But after the show he managed to retrieve it, causing quite a stir in the crowd (they spotted him 👀)We struck the set with all of our might, dragging speakers and mics offstage, tearing off our mic tape, and checking all our batteries and props. After the set was struck, we finally traveled to the stage, to watchThe. Nauvoo. Pageant.The show started off excellently, and I can see why they had such excellent actors come and take the stage. The first scene was so emotionally intense, and learning about Robert and his family’s struggles were exceptionally impactful for me. After a few minutes, they gathered up the performing missionaries for the welcome dance, which we did, with very little practice. And we did it well 😌 next came more play, and honestly, we were just glad to be there. They only stopped the rehearsal one time, and other than that we saw the success of the English missions, the preparation of Nauvoo Land, the blessing of the sick with malaria, the foundation of the relief society, & the king follett sermon. There were little kid actors in the Nauvoo pageant too, and they were SO CUTE! they played baseball, and listened to Joseph smith share the first vision story with them. The martyrdom was tear jerking, and Joseph and Hydim actually walked out INTO THE CROWD as they left for Carthage. All in all, the Nauvoo pageant was an EXCELLENT production, and we are super blessed to be able to perform in it. The show ended with praise to the man, and we were all absolutely enthralled with all of the unique stories that took place in the pageant, the most touching for me would be the story of Robert. He had lost his 3 year old son at the beginning of the show, and at the end you see him united with his family because of the blessings of the temple. The work of temples is one of the greatest works that is taking place upon this earth, and in Nauvoo, as performing missionaries, we get to testify of the special blessings of temple worship, and the importance of uniting families for eternity.","id=1Q7H5BeX_QdKiS-ZuOWNuwEtJ6qXHVj3K,id=15V8K7piZgC--TNPqEftseq5aotAZ3vq9"$%$Hannah Oman,6/30/2024,Sunday! Hehe Band,"Howdy!! Sunday’s are absolutely the best and by far my favorite day of the week. Except maybe the ones that involve ice cream. But yummy food aside, there is so much to be learned and so much joy to be found in the Gospel of Jesus Christ. We are so blessed to have the Sabbath day set aside to study it.   The blessed day started out with avocado toast with a side of scripture study. Then we zoomed to church where I got to say hi to Elder and Sister Reed. Elder Reed is actually Santa Claus which is how he got the money to pay for him and his wife to serve a mission. I’m hoping that if I keep being nice to him I’ll finally get that bike I want for Christmas. The talks in the sacrament meeting were so awesome. One of the site sisters taught us about how much a testimony of the Lord’s prophets is so important for serving a mission. I am so grateful to be serving in Nauvoo before my proselytizing mission because what I have learned here has strengthened my testimony of Joseph Smith and the Restoration a million times over. Also she mentioned that you don’t have to be perfect to be a missionary, anyone who desires to serve God is called to the work. It was a good reminder to me to not worry so much about if I’m good enough to serve a mission and to just jump in, to forget myself and go to work.   After sacrament meeting Sister Buer, Sister Sexton and I silently snuck over to the visitors ward with our instruments. After stealthily slipping into the church building we made quite the lovely racket with our musical number, a woodwind trio arrangement of If you Could Hie to Kolob. As we were packing up our instruments, a little girl came over and really wanted to press the shiny buttons, so we took some time to show her how they worked. Pressing buttons is one of my favorite daily activities.   Then, we happily hopped back over to the missionary ward to catch the end of the Sunday school lesson taught by President and Sister Mehr. Favorite quotes from the lesson: 1. “I am quite literally among future Gods, you are all baby Gods”2. “Don’t push a cart through the mud if there’s an asphalt road right next to it”   After Sunday school, we had our last temple prep lesson from Elder and Sister Mumford. The temple is awesome and having a class to learn about the temple every week has been such a blessing. I learned so much more about the significance of what I do when I’m there. The Lords temple is a manifestation of how much He loves us, and the sacrifices we make to get there is us showing how much we love Him. The Saints sacrificed so much to make Covenants with the Lord. They understood how much they needed to be connected with Him to find more joy in this life and the next. It inspires me to be more diligent in my own temple attendance.   Fast forward to the Love of the Savior concert, before we started I had an amazing spiritual discussion with some of the other NPMs. That’s when I was reminded I serve with so many amazing, valiant, loving, and kind spirits. And if you’re thinking, that’s not me. You are incorrect my friend. It’s each one of the NPMs serving here. I see all of you everyday serving others, serving the Lord. I could go through and tell each one of you why you are an amazing missionary, with or without the tag. You are fantastic examples of Christ, you don’t need the tag to keep that up. Never forget that, never forget who you are here and who you are striving to become. You have a divine eternal potential. Go get it. Anyways, because of that discussion I was reminded how much I love being a missionary and why I’m here. It changed the way the entire performance felt for me. I felt so full of charity for everyone around me. Best concert yet.  After each concert, I took my daily leap of faith and went up to talk to random strangers to try to share the light of Christ with them. The Lord really does bless me when I do so. I am not the most proficient conversationalist and am rather clumsy with my words and my sentences tend to tangle like my first grade shoelaces. But somehow, the Lord helps me to have words to say to people. To press forward even through the occasional awkwardness. Today I also got to bear my testimony about the spirit of Nauvoo and the faith and sacrifice of Emma Smith. I love when I get to do that. I’ve learned that the opportunities to bear testimony are there in every conversation. You just have to look for them.   Skipping past my dinner sandwich and learning some fun facts from Saints Vol. 2 about Brigham Young’s opinions on waltzes (spoiler alert, he thought they were a little edgy for a church dance). We boogied on over to our devotional with the Mehrs. There we learned about priesthood blessings. That as people in the room, we can contribute our faith to the blessing and as the person giving the blessing (never me, but still good to note) you can prepare and fill your mind with the words of Christ so you can be better prepared the speak the words which the Lord would have his children hear. This applies to missionary work as well. Study the words of Christ and the spirit will bring to you what the people you teach need to hear.   After being so inspired, we skedaddled to the ‘Our Story Goes On’ performance. And man that knocked my non-existent socks off. It was so powerful how they were able to use songs (such as I’ll Go the Distance, Bring Him Home, and You Raise Me Up among others) to weave a beautiful tapestry of love, faith, and the power of relationships. I hope our performances mean to others what even a small amount that performance meant to me. My goodness, I love sharing the Gospel of Jesus Christ through music. ","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1oc06qPT93ay6OQcXRndTdxpD7sLFPDZD, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1dzkOyfQk4-EGMOf25C8U1xJkdj6fggxw, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1GW04PNG469-3_WTXQ4bqs5sCCU2n7LK6, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1wN3Xw386g8rVfCS_CKsFyzJSrqeEgvJk, https://drive.google.com/open?id=163y6ShNuf_wmq6AaZKkuAV0MOW07TAS3, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1cRJ89IqcC00b2GrB9dTMXlmFNsBd2DC6, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1q_cMCjEQavt_-MT56SJXzboi8NVNOUo8, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1dMnVvn8xGbxjfsCY_0CccLjbsfCS8SWI, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1k6UhXyTXeKfHM4KMEoaJaPgF5JFXLKJR, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ZIzk9rd4tGL2IpqyVJazDKEOeVJxqHww"$%$Kaylee Smith,7/1/2024,"Monday, Band","This was a SUPER fun day to be a performing missionary! It was also a P-Day so it was filled with all sorts of hard work but it was all worth it! All of us band sisters decided to run to Keokuk earlier than normal that morning and just get our grocery shopping done with. Pretty much as soon as we got home, we rushed over to the park to participate in frolicking with all of the other NPM’s — and it was the first day we had the fall cast there to frolick with us! We got there and there was all sorts of fun things to celebrate Canada Day with like stickers, flags, and ketchup flavored chips! After a while of frolicking, we left to get our chores done, talk with our families, meal prep, and do whatever other things we needed to do to be ready for the rest of the week! I had some time to talk with my older sister for a bit and we had a lovely conversation. She’s an FSY counselor this summer and has been doing sessions for the last four weeks without a break until now. Something we’ve loved doing this summer is comparing different things we’ve learned throughout the week and telling each other about different spiritual experiences we’ve had or how we’d seen the Hand of the Lord in our lives in the past week. She shared with me a quote from President Holland that she had heard that week from a talk he gave in the April 2009 General Conference called “None Were With Him.” It’s kinda a long quote otherwise I’d just put right in here (if you want to look it up, it starts at “Now I speak very carefully…”), but basically it talks about how Christ suffered all of our pain and heartache, but while He was on the cross, He had a moment where He couldn’t feel the presence of the Lord and exclaimed in ultimate loneliness, “My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?” President Holland talks about how it was necessary for Christ, though perfect, had to know what it felt like to sin and not feel the presence of God in His life because so often that is what we all feel down here as a result of our sin and imperfections. He goes on to say that Christ pushed through his anguish and shows us that though we don’t always feel His presence, God is always with us in all that we do and we can know that for a surety!At Sunset, we decided to help Sister Bennett celebrate her country by playing “O, Canada” with her singing along with us! It was super fun and we loved showing our love and support for Sister Bennett with our playing! One other funny thing that happened at the end of Sunset was that someone threw a cowboy hat after the western section of 50 States and it flew up onto the roof behind the stage… I’ll be honest, I have no idea if anyone got it off, I heard that maybe Elder Shaw climbed up there to get it off, but that could just be a rumor…After Sunset ended, it was kinda funny but also sad — we all had rehearsals to run to. The stage had a pageant rehearsal (all the sisters had their new pageant dresses to wear to it!) and the band had to run to a community band rehearsal. We rehearsed a bunch of patriotic music for our concert on the 3rd then went home. It’s always interesting to rehearse with the community band because 1. They play really loud and 2. We aren’t used to playing in such a big group anymore… there’s saxophones in normal bands?!? But we’ve loved the chance to play in the community and be missionaries to the people who live here and in the area. Well, that’s about it for the day! I’m not sure if I’ll get another day to write, so if I don’t, I wanted to leave my testimony here! I know Christ lives! He suffered for all of our sins so we could return to Him again and so He could know how to help us personally and individually. Through the Prophet Joseph Smith, the Book of Mormon was translated by the gift and power of God, and the Gospel has been restored to the earth! We are so blessed to live in a time where we can make covenants with God and have our families be sealed for eternity! Thank you all for helping to make this an incredible summer and for being willing to act as the Lord's servants to gather Israel! ",https://drive.google.com/open?id=1muOQT8TKNnqkUrK76VsbQUbRbfhFa0Ly$%$Jordyn Bennett,7/1/2024,"Monday, Stage","🎵 Oh Canadaaaa 🎵 Today is Canada Day ahhhh!!!! As the token Canadian in the cast, I took it upon myself to have everyone celebrate this awesome day! Sooo at the morning frolic, I had tons of Canadian things for everyone. Flags, tattoos, ketchup chips, maple syrup, and lots of Canadian chocolate and treats. It was a blast!! My family also came in the morning and when all the NPMs saw them they made a huge tunnel and chanted Canada as they ran through haha. I was so grateful that everyone was willing to celebrate with me and it made me feel like I was home. Also, it really made me chuckle seeing everyone with Canadian stickers and tattoos on all day! The rest of the P-day was pretty normal. Calling family, grocery shopping, writing emails going to the shops resting our bodies and voices, and maybe going to the visitor centre to print out some baby photos hehe. Then at Sunset, the band had previously learned how to play Oh Canada, Canada's National Anthem, so then for the band pre-show, I got to sing it!!! I was so grateful that I got to do this and that the band had taken the time to learn the song. I literally felt so so so loved!! After Sunset we had to rush to a pageant rehearsal. I LOVE THE PAGEANT!!!!! I got to see it the first time a few days ago and I just loved it! Beleive me the tears were flowing!! The spirit was so strong and it made me realize the power that we have as performing missionaries. Through the core cast's performance, I was able to feel the spirit and learn new things about the saints. And that's what we get to do every day too!!! One of my favourite lines is when Parley P. Pratt is talking to Robert Laird. He is talking about how the Book Of Mormon is another witness of Christ and that even though he has the bible, he ""want[s] to read both!"". I think that this is so amazing that we have two records of the Saviour's ministry and I too want to read both and gain all the knowledge I can of my Saviour so that I can grow closer to him. Since then I have been taking my scripture study more seriously because it truly is a privilege that we have the fullness of Jesus Christ's gospel in the church. I'm also so grateful that I get to share that love and light of Christ with the visitors here in Nauvoo every day! I LOVE NAUVOO ❤️","id=1hmSLIzHtiM_DW5lsA2huuH7q4ID4YdDu, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Nda1J9e6qYm2wbCEg2-F0Ds0p479S9LA, https://drive.google.com/open?id=15WyR_JEP151Y-5CJDK3E97fR1hLzfblU"$%$Elder Pyrah ,7/3/2024,"Wednesday, Stage","Fireworks and Fiddles! Today was awesome! We started with a coordination meeting and then started our day off as normal! Elder Stephanie has been recycling old Walmart bags to make himself a sleeping mat to use, and was working on it before Nauvoo Singers. Reduce, Reuse, Recycle, I guess? I listened to the passage by Thomas S. Monson that was included in The Ensign called 'The Gift Of Compassion'. It was super good, and I would recommend you listen to it! Then just shows as normal!Lately I've been praying everyday that I would have the energy I needed and the ability to remember everything that I needed to, and He has come through everytime! The gifts of the Spirit are real! And my testimony on the power of prayer has grown so much over the course of this mission! Sunset as normal, but we had a little change because our amazing Dance Leader Sister Franz helped us make 'Mississippi Mud' look a lot better! After Sunset, we all gathered in front of the temple for a Fireworks show to celebrate the 4th of July! They were super awesome and we got little American flags to wave, and glow sticks to wear, while the amazing Nauvoo Brass Band played wonderful patriotic music in the background!I would like to testify that I know that this church is true. Everything that is on this earth testifies of that! I know that the gifts of the Spirit are real and that they can help you in your everyday life. I know that God answers prayers and I know that He wants to help us. I know that Repentance and Conversion are a daily process, and I know that if you strive to do those things everyday, that you will have an increase of the Spirit in your life. I say these things on the name of Jesus Christ, Amen","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1EhwRcNxflv-qLVkZAbzcOR-h3NONwwct, https://drive.google.com/open?id=13MHlhlOGi1SOd2fXYLnPtql0yD5j3psK, https://drive.google.com/open?id=14BYzvkX7a2aZOczU2XzRQWt1t--Pytnl"$%$Catie Garner,7/4/2024,"Thursday, Band","   Today was a glorious Independence Day! This morning we had a coordination meeting with just the band. Sister Ferrin shared how special it is to be celebrating the Fourth of July here, where the saints of the 1840s weren’t being granted the freedoms we celebrate today. It made us think more about how blessed we are, and how happy it must make the saints to see us here in Nauvoo, finally allowed to practice our religion freely!   It was kind of rainy this morning, but we were still able to play on the wagon. Sister Frei sang “God Bless America” at the Pitt Show, and afterwards Sister Smith and I walked home, and it was lovely.   The mission had a Fourth of July barbecue, and since we had a show to get to they let us come eat at five. The food was so good, and the people are so nice!   Trail of Hope was lovely this evening. My favorite part was when we sang “I’ll go where you want me to go.” I love that song! It reminds me of the saying, “everyone wants to be a hero, but no one wants to help mom do the dishes.” God needs us where He needs us, and it’s our job to do what He asks! I’m so blessed that this is where God needs me right now, and I know that our service is important to Him, regardless of what capacity we serve in.",id=1S9T25jcdq9-vf9eVzwlcJDTysdNsfCLg$%$Joseph Shaw ,7/5/2024,"Friday, Stage","I represent a Nauvoo Performing Missionary in the Summer cast:A few days ago to satisfy ourselves of the actual state of affairs of the NPM's at Nauvoo, we attended their performances and visited their abodes. It all presents a very altered appearance since May 1st. Then there were no tourists, either in youth groups or on family vacations. Now, Nauvoo is swarmed with the visitors and casts of the pageant season. Knee infections have been drained and destroyed, hopes to be free of mosquito bites deserted, and the whole aspect of the country is one of extreme humidty. Every performing missionary in the city has been converted into a disciple and representative of Jesus Christ.... while poor sister Lunt appears to be employed in the sewing, repairing, and safety pinning of the Elders' black Sunset pants, or other articles necessary for the NPM's to be fully clothed onstage. In the midst of this scene—in which there had been presented, an abandonment of their work and schooling for the summer, the breaking up of social relations, sacrifice of blood sweat tears and shins, inability to procure the necessary sleep, with an unknown journey before them of days and weeks—the spectator cannot fail to be struck with the lightness of heart, apparent cheerfulness, and sanguine hopes with which these missionaries bid adieu to their friends, and press forward on their journey. The great masses go forth from Nauvoo, having been sustained and cheered by a devout conviction of the performing missionaries testimonies of Jesus Christ. Their enthusiasm is stimulated by songs and hymns, in which these Elders and Sisters join, singing of the hopes that await them. -The Ball of Energy, aka The Tiny Dancer, aka Elder Shawty, aka Sister Shaws brother, July 5th, 2025.-The photographs taken on this day are explained as follows:The Furchs graciously invited the fall and summer casts over for watermelon and icecream after Pageant dress rehearsal. At 10:08, Elder Furch said, ""well ya'll should probably skidaddle and get some sleep"". As Elder Stephani invited Elder Shaw to wash both his clothes and his body in the next 10 minutes before bed time,  he thought ""why not do both at the same time"". Thus we see Elder Shaw fully clothed (with Elder Flake) in the shower with his pageant clown costume.","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1JCU6iUBgHqC85o92ihW8W5kVRHysjS31, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1RpPirwlwqo9rxwBXdVygX70yiRsJvbG2"$%$Eleanor Andersen,7/6/2024,Saturday Stage,"This morning I had early morning pageant rehearsal and I DANCED! It was so fun. Did it feel amazing on my foot? No. Did I do it anyways and leave rehearsal feeling so happy? Absolutely! It’s so fun to have the family cast here! They make it all 10x more exciting!We picked up our pageant sweatshirts today and I LOVE THEM! They are so comfy and I love matching with the other sisters. We checked on the baby bunnies again today (me and sis redd). The senior elder giving tours at the time was stationed outside always making sure people didn’t step on them. He was so sweet! When we left, he gave us cookies:) he’s a true one! All bunnies are still there and we’re moving around a bunch. So tender!Today I met my great uncle Marvin and his wife who is my great grandma Benion’s younger brother. They were so kind and came to say hello. I was able to talk to them a little bit about their family and then explained which son I came from and all that stuff classic. It’s fun to find Tobbler cousins bc I have met very many of them!Trail of hope was awesome tonight. There spirit was beautiful. There were certain ppl who seemed like they were very touched. My miracle was that the pageant was rehearsing and started playing music that we could hear loud and clear on Parley. Bc of that, it was hard to sing against something in a different key. After it happened once, I prayed that it wouldn’t happen again so I could sing well and not mess up. And guess what! It never happened again. Ofc the pageant was still going but the songs never lined up with when sister Blair and I were singing. I love sister redd so much. She is perfect! She always knows how to get me out of a bad mood and when to listen and gives great advice. We have so much fun together and get each others sense of humor really well. I can’t wait to hang out with her when I get to college! We always try to set each others props before the other person can and it’s a super fun simple way to serve each other. I LOVE HER<3After trail, elder Shaw started asking me about my little sister Marie who passed away a few years ago. They just kept asking me questions it was really cool! I love talking about her because it helps me remember her and the amazing testimony building experiences I had because of her. One of their questions was, “if Marie would want you to teach people one message, what would it be?” I thought about it for a while and then shared this. Marie went through so much hard but somehow we always knew she had a relationship with and faith in Jesus Christ. She trusted him enough to come to earth and endure the hard bc she knew she wouldn’t be alone in it. It reminded me of when I was in a meeting with papa one Sunday and we both had a moment where we knew that Marie came to earth partly in order to help me and my family come to know our savior better. She chose to come for us because of her love for and trust in Jesus Christ. It was a beautiful thing to reflect on. I want to make sure I am spreading that message! I have felt her so close in Nauvoo. There is such a focus on the temple and the pageant talks so much about eternal families and the temple. I have felt strongly this week that Marie treasures that knowledge as much as I do. That is why I feel her so close here! What a beautiful things that those truths are being testified of everywhere here! ",https://drive.google.com/open?id=1so7NoQW0jBAeOCxmt7j_Gd20hdX8wMMB$%$Sister Abigail Frei,7/8/2024,"Monday, Band","Happy P-day! Today was a good one! We started off the morning with the usual frolicking in the park and played some secret hitler and spike ball! Afterwards we did our grocery shopping and then went to Annie's custard! We've been wanting to go for a few weeks and it was delicious! Later, Sister Grover and I went down to the sites with Sister Oman and Sister Robinson. We learned how to make a skimming pan and send letters and one of the senior sisters let us try some sugar that was boiled down and shaped into cones the way the saints would have had it! It had a strong molasses flavor and was pretty yummy! The rest of pday was pretty normal! I got to chat with my family and did my laundry, and after sunset we went to community band, but I think my favorite part of the day was at Sunset by the Mississippi. Normally, we do name that tune and I'm the person who leads it, but this time around Sister Sexton came to help me and we did a little parade afterward! As Sister Sexton started leading the kids, I noticed Mika,  a little girl we had interacted with a lot, still standing on the stage looking a little confused. I went over to help her off the stage and she just took my hand and walked with me the whole time.  As we passed her mom she did the sign language sign for ""thank you"". It was a very sweet little moment to have this little girl trust me enough to lead her along. Sometimes I worry and wonder about how much of a difference I'm making, but that sweet and simple thank you reminded me that it truly is by small and simple things that great things are brought to pass. I may never know how my being here has touched or helped people, but I'm learning to trust that the Lord will magnify my efforts and that He is the one that makes the difference. I'm just the instrument and oh how I want to be a good one.  What a blessing to have another summer as a missionary to continue to learn how I can let the Lord work through me. ","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1nt7M4UgkMnmLvmrnX7xi0spECM06NzIm, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1oOuQmzEtGxWDpXqmf0aBC8s-qQxBTY2B"$%$Sister Buer,7/9/2024,"Tuesday, Band","Today was such a good day!! I love being able to attend the temple so often. As Elder Neil L. Anderson said, “there are many different ways to see the face of Christ, and there is no better place than in His holy house.”While on the bandwagon, we played one last time for our archeologist friends. They have made so much progress and we learn something new from them everyday! We had our concert under the singing tree where we played Porter Rockwell (Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves). Elder Brenchley’s brother who arranged the music for the Brass Band was in the audience, so Elder Ferrin invited him to conduct us while we played his arrangement! It was so fun to see his joy as he conducted us. After we finished unloading the bandwagon, Sister Ferrin surprised us with delicious cookies and popsicles! Today was the Nauvoo Pageant’s opening night! After packing everything up, we rushed over from the Sunset stage and played a couple of songs with the Nauvoo Pageant Bagpipe Band before marching to the pageant stage and playing the Star Spangled Banner. The band sisters stayed to watch the Nauvoo Pageant, which was so amazing! It made me so happy to see my friends dancing on stage and I loved the overall focus on the good news of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. I’m so grateful to be serving alongside amazing missionaries here in Nauvoo!Love,Sister Buer","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1gCXyD643VFuR288892Y8H9j1NXL-wtPG, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1sYjmFVip6y85RwxO3LytGj4WeEJqOwmq"$%$Sister Sexton ,7/11/2024,"Thursday, Band Sister ","This morning the band did some service by making cookies and biscuits for the Teamsters! We went to their morning meeting at 7:30am and gave them a poster saying thank you with the treats we made! They asked us to sing so we all sang Invocation. At the band ceremony I forgot one of my lines and skipped over Yankee Doodle 😭 it was all okay because the only people who seemed to notice was the band. I felt really bad, but because I made that mistake I have learned and will work hard to remember that line from now on. 😅After we got home from the bandwagon all of the band sisters gave me a hug which brought tears to my eyes. I love when we give and receive hugs and I love my band sisters they bring me so much joy! 🩷 When driving home after the William Pitt concert we found a circle of mushrooms! A fairy ring! All of us band sisters took turns getting photos in it. Sister Garner started playing a fairy ring song on her penny whistle and we had a joyous time skipping around in the fairy ring! Sunset had the biggest crowd I think we’ve ever had! People were sitting on the lawn and on the wall. It was so much fun and there was tons of energy from everyone!Someone came up to me after Sunset on the Mississippi calling my name and informed me that he was my parents home teacher when I was just a newborn. It’s crazy how small of a world it is! We had to go straight to pageant to play with the bagpipe band. They are so cool! When we play with the bagpipe band we invite the audience to participate by holding our music since we don’t bring our stand. The girl holding the flute music tonight was named Mary and she was the cutest and was so beautiful I just had to tell her! 🩷While we waited back stage before the Star Spangled Banner, a man by the name of Randy Crockett came up to me telling me about how he was my grandma’s doctor and my grandpa’s friend. They work in the temple together. He told me a tender story of my grandma right before she passed. I’m his #1 fan every time I saw him on stage I would whisper RANDY CROCKETT! Sister Ferrin is the best because she saved seats for the entire brass band to watch the Nauvoo Pageant tonight. When we got to our seats there was a napkin and a bag of popcorn waiting for each one of us! Sister Ferrin is so wonderful!! 🩷My favorite message that I get out of pageants is families can be together forever! With my grandma recently passing away, it’s hard when family has passed away but they will only “be absent for a moment” before we will be reunited with them again! I love my family and thanks to the temple I can do my ancestors work and be with them again. ","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1bx28eCBshUWVfQfmk13rX7OTetemjZtK, id=1jD3HJddDTmyOink-lLhc1UKXkndCeHtN, id=1z9HUQCZO3FV8WDl42pBRhliRKKo7-hMO, id=1aRjNBYDosY1Y45iQeV3iiUYcQxuz3qXh"$%$Elder Coblentz,7/13/2024,Saturday - Tech,"""Good frickin morning!"" -Willie Nelson I won't try to fool you all with the perfumery and jig poking. I'll get right down to the meat. Normaly I am woken up by a hand on my knee and the steely eyed gaze of Elder Larsen. But today I was woken up by the spirit and an incredible desire to go back to sleep. Yes I was so tired that it woke me up. Today marks the end of the first week of Pagent being open and I think that I got an average of 5.7 hours of sleep each night. So needless to say, I'm a bit tuckered out. Today also marks day 3 of not being allowed to goof of or dance around during shows. Today also marks day two of my mom coming back <3. Today also marks 165 days until Hanukkah. Today also marks day 22 of somebody turning 12 years old. Anywho. I woke up with the overwhelming desire to gabb it up and that was lucky because it was a B day! And I love B days. Our cart got taken today and we are stuck with ""The Slug"" (a 6 seater golf cart with a top speed of 9mph) for the foreseeable future which blows harder than those four dudes on the corners of the map. I've been trying to get to know the teamsters better and the band send off every morning is a great opportunity to do so. They are all fascinating old men and I look forward to learning from them. I've tried to come with them each day with a new life-direction-question (bars) and today I asked them about serving a mission. They sat me down (figuratively) and testified of the blessings that honorably serving a proselyting mission gives you. They told me about their own experiences while on their missions and it was such a massive heads up that I should probably look at doing that too. I love old people.Elder Schnebly and I stumbled drunkly to the West Theater and gabbed with my mom for a moment. She said that she probably wasn't going to come to either of the shows, which I immediately knew was a lie. My mom is a sucker for spiritually uplifting media. And so she came to all three shows and sat in the booth next to me. I even let her press go on one of the music tracks. We are currently recovering from a particularly hard week of broken mics and in an attempt to re-solder a mic, I inhaled about 15 cubic feet of solder fumes because the iron bit was older and crustier than Betty Crocker. After that, I got to meet two sisters aspiring to become NPM's and I told them about my experiences using my abilities to serve the Lord. It was lovely and they asked for my Instagram which I did not give them. But my mom did.....Sunset that night was pretty chill and I got to talk with the gang (the band) onstage before the show started. We gabbed about haikus random memories and electricity. I had 7 otter pops and a muffin so I was pretty content. Sister Bennett was dancing in the show almost all out even though she had sprained her ankle like 2 days prior because she's actually a grizzly bear under her skin costume. We cleaned up everything and by some miracle we made it to Pagent on time. Nate Dursteler (one of three lighting designers for the Church) went back to Salt Lake today which is bonkers unfortunate because I really like that guy. It was the Nauvoo Pagent and it actually went off pretty well. I got to watch all my friends dance onstage and the coolest thing was when sister Harmon came out on stage and started ""playing"" during the big old Cultural Hall fancy dancy bit. It was freaking awesome. ALSO! During the King Follet spirits part, we decided to add more lights because we wanted them to look ""nuclear"". So after the show, we did just that >:)We spent a good part of the evening after adding the lights gabbing about nerdy stuff and lights. And Nate (a different Nate than the one who left) told me to research pixel mapping within the lighting software that we run in the West Theater. And so I did just that....... Until an appropriate time at night. And then went to sleep and got an appropriate amount of sleep.Anywho, baller day, baller night, baller gabbing sesh, baller time.Peace out kids. Be good people. Have so much fun. Comb your hair. Fight the power. Go Bees!Elder Coblentz's Quote Gallery July 17 Edition:""I'm going to audio troubleshoot myself in the head.""""Bench. I am a bench now.""""Regarding the vegetables and hair products in the women's dressing room: fetch me some milky."" ""NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! CANADA!!!""""It's more echoy-r than a Taco Bell bathroom on Cinco de Mayo day.""""So you're going camping with me tonight. And you, and you, and you, and you."" (In reference to the wood chips along Parley St)""Dude! Business idea! Sewers..... but its a hair clip factory! And we employ the gators!""""Hangnails are more than welcome to F-R-I-C-K the heck outta town.""""Well since you asked, my least favorite thing about you is that you don't have faith in my sports hydration life goals.""""Don't argue with me! I'm a cute girl dad and you know it.""""I can legally change my name but can I legally change my car's gender?""""Alexa, ship me that guys transcript.""""I'm going to let you in on a little secret. My night job is as a model for the diagrams that they put on pill bottles.""""Playdates give me visceral hemoglobin.""""What you call leftovers, I call the opportunity for an ear infection.""""I'm going to rip my eyes out on you. You Caucasian Cactus Clown. Get a hold of yourself.""",https://drive.google.com/open?id=1--enpVU2gl1vvdQjmEawb8nWaUrmN6MY$%$Lucy Daurio,7/14/2024,Sunday - Stage Sister ,"Sundayyyyy! My favorite day! The Sabbath!!! Today our district had a major win. Normally we are far behind in our morning schedules but today we got to church in time to actually find seats together! None of which were on the stand facing the congregation. (No awkwardly staring in the faces of the audience members and nervously sweating with the knowledge that 250 people are staring exactly in your direction and soul and watching your every move today! No sir!) We listened as Elder Call enlightened all of our minds with his brilliant radio analogy📻🚒🪟 and filled the room with the spirit! After he spoke, we all went up and sang “Lord Fill My Soul”. When we walked up there I had forgotten that I’m in charge of giving starting notes for the groups👐. So much for not having a bunch of people staring at me and watching my every move!!! While we sang, the Spirit was definitely present. It rang throughout the theater and definitely in our hearts🥹After church, we ran home and had….drumroll please…🥁🥁🥁 (thanks Elder Jackman) DISTRICT COUNCIL!! We talked about how Christ is the answer! Sister Barrus’s invited us to write down ways that we’ve seen Christ in our lives at the end of the day and I thought that was a beautiful invitation. Something almost as beautiful was the plate of nachos that I made myself afterwards🙂‍↕️. Delish. Scrumptious even. Then it was time for Love of the Savior!!! Today the line that stood out to me the most was one that Elder Poyfair says. I can’t quote it directly but it says something like, “we know that the spirit of Jesus Christ has been with us today” and that was REAL!!! His presence was palpable and I really was able to see His hand in those two performances. In between the performances, we sang Laura’s Nauvoo (my absolute favorite song we sing here!!🫶🫶) up above the lobby of the Visitor’s Center. The Spirit was also just as present during that little performance too!! Once Love of the Savior was over, Sister Franz and I rushed home to make dinner. We made pizza bagels!!! Naturally, we needed to set the mood so we made sure we had some sweet, sweet Italian instrumental music playing while we gingerly placed each individual shred of mozzarella cheese on the bagels.👩‍🍳😚🤌 We gobbled those down very quickly (quicker than I would like to admit) and then rolled on over to get ready for pictures at the 70’s hall!!! We arrived at the 70’s hall with everyone looking gorgeous and ready to be put on the cover of vogue (the 1840s, pioneer chic edition😍😍), clearly ready for photos, we got all set up, and took some nice mission pictures!!🙌🙌 We took some normal cheesin’ smile pictures, some “hurrah for Israel” pics, and we attempted to take an old time-y pioneer serious face. Before the picture was taken, people were all worried and saying “wait I don’t think I can keep a straight face!!!!” To which I responded by saying “just do it!! It’s only like 4 seconds. It’s really not that hard.” I’ll give you one guess to who broke first out of ALLLLL the missionaries. 🙋‍♀️🙋‍♀️🙋‍♀️ me. It was me. I broke in about .3 seconds. Humbled. WHOOPSIIIIIES!!!! Other than that, I would say that our pictures went swimmingly. We then did Trail of Hope. Tonight I was portraying Bathsheba Smith and let me tell you… I was very grateful for Elder Weekes keeping things entertaining in between groups! There were SO SO many groups this trail!! It was full of so many different people, and the Spirit was strong! My favorite part of Trail is turning around and watching as the sunset gets more and more beautiful after each group passes by. It’s like a little nod from Heavenly Father that says, “hey girl. You’ve got this. Look what I made!” He is such a girl dad!!! I love him!!!! I LOVE TRAIL. I LOVE NAUVOO. I LOVE SUNSETS. I LOVE IT HERE😭😭My testimony has been strengthened more than I ever thought possible. My understanding and appreciation for the Restoration of the Gospel has been made 100x more apparent. I know that Jesus Christ is my Savior and that He loves each and every one of us more than we will EVER know or comprehend! I know that Nauvoo is exactly the place that I need to be right now!!! What if we all stayed here forever okay???","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1G-7-fhj6ezi-bHR4FdVPiUajnEPkJUG3, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1IivIKYQizi0TwSvny_561VbSrjSK4gWr"$%$Sister Danika West,7/15/2024,Monday - Stage,"Happy Monday!! Today was a day that I have been looking forward to for a long time, because today we finally got to visit Sister Tuku'afu! But let me back up to the beginning. In the morning we all started the day with our weekly park frolic, which is honestly one of my favorite mission traditions. It's so nice to be able to just hang out with everyone without any other schedule obligations pulling us all away! After frolicking we all did some P-Day chores and I finished baking some banana bread muffins to bring with us to Sister Tuku'afu's home. All of us Hatch sisters were running a little bit late, but the Marlowe district was already there and the Maxwell district joined us soon after. When we got to Sister Tuku'afu's house we were all struck by how uniquely beatiful it was, since the only thing we knew beforehand about her house was that it was a round yurt. But the interior was filled with beautifully carved wooden stairs to a loft, huge tree trunk pillars, incredible wood-working projects, stained glass, pictures, so many gorgeous instruments, and an inlaid wooden compass in the floor as well as so much more. And Sister Tuku'afu was also so incredibly sweet and funny! She told us several stories about herself and the instruments she makes and plays, and then played several of them and sang with us. Kimberly Jo Smith had also come to visit, so she played the bowed dulcimer and sang for us as well. It was beautiful, and all the instruments had such a unique sound! She showed us psalteries, dulcimers, harps, banjos, drums, flutes, a didgeridoo, a wooden dancing man, and so many more.Some of my favorite moments included her playing Praise To The Man on the hammered dulcimer, but to the Star of the East melody from Elder's Songs and Stories, and then all of us singing along with her. I also loved her sharing the stories about getting married to her Tongan husband, and how she started doing woodworking. She told all of us sisters that we need to take a woodworking class, and then she said that ""every woman needs a good drum to bang on"". But other than the funny but still useful life advice, I also loved the testimonies that she shared with us. Sister Tuku'afu shared a powerful testimony of the prophet Joseph Smith when she told us about the significance of the wooden compass inlaid in her floor. There are two North orientations: magnetic North, and true North. Magnetic North slowly shifts (and will eventually be all the way down at the South pole!), but true North remains constant. She then showed us that the compass in her floor points to true North, and that she has a picture of Joseph Smith hanging on the wall where the North point of compass points. Sister Tuku'afu shared that she placed the picture of Joseph Smith there because ""Joseph Smith was a true North man"". His principles didn't change, he maintained his faith, and you could look to him to know where God wanted you to go and what God wanted you to do. Hearing that testimony of Joseph Smith was so powerful for me, because that was something I struggled with in high school. I had learned about several new parts of church history that were harder to understand, and I was struggling to whole-heartedly believe that Joseph Smith could really be a prophet called of God. But I slowly regained a testimony of the Book of Mormon and eventually a testimony of Joseph Smith as a prophet through my experiences in church and in religion classes at BYU, but it has still been a part of my testimony that I've been working to strengthen. So being here in Nauvoo and learning more about Joseph Smith as a father, husband, and friend as well as a prophet has been such an incredible strengthening experience for my testimony. It's also been so cool to hear the testimonies of both the past Nauvoo Saints through the site tours and performing Remembering Joseph, and to hear the testimonies of current Nauvoo church members like Sister Tuku'afu and the other missionaries here about the prophet Joseph Smith!At the end of our visit with Sister Tuku'afu she asked us to sing for her, so we went up into her loft and sang down to her and Kimberly Jo Smith from up above. We sang Pillar Of Light for her, and afterwards she said ""these logs will ring with that music long after you've left"". It's cool to think about that idea in the perspective of the visitors who come here - even though we may all leave Nauvoo, our music will ring in them, in our hearts, and in the buildings here for long after our experience in Nauvoo. We are leaving a small part of ourselves here in Nauvoo that will continue to be shared long after we go!After visiting Sister Tuku'afu, Sister Hailstone and I rushed off to have lunch with her family, and then tour the new Joseph Smith historic sites. We hadn't visited the Red Brick Store yet in spite of performing Women of Nauvoo there every other day, so it was cool to learn more about the founding of the Relief Society and the introduction of the endowment. The store had such a special spirit, and it was cool to visit the Homestead and Mansion House again. We also stopped at Eborn books so I could pick up an 1840s edition of the Book Of Mormon for my Remembering Nauvoo project! I've been working on collecting all of the NPMs favorite Book of Mormon scriptures so I can mark them along with all the scriptures we quote in Remembering Joseph or any of our other shows. I'm excited to have this copy of the Book of Mormon that I can read and remember my experiences here!The rest of our afternoon passed pretty quickly getting ready for Sunset, but when we got to the show the heat index was at 106 degrees so it was the hottest and most humid day we've had all summer. We performed a shortened version of Sunset, but even so we were still all completely soaked through with sweat by the time we had just danced the first song. It was a good thing we did the shortened Sunset though, because about 20 minutes after we finished a storm began passing through. We had been planning to go watch the British Pageant rehearsal with Sister Hailstone's family and unfortunately it was cancelled due to the storm (which was especially disappointing since that was their only night to see the British Pageant), but instead we got to go home and do FHE with all the Hatch sisters which was a wonderful experience! Overall we had an incredibly uplifting and spiritually filling day because of the experiences we had with Sister Tuku'afu and Sister Hailstone's family!","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1pfi0y6P4cK-9h0HwJor9c7u1S4KPoOeQ, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ogpoY2AEMtrv6sfNF6HjjsSbTfmT5cHJ"$%$Melanie Robinson,7/16/2024,Tuesday Band ,"Today was an extra special day for lots of reasons: first, Sister Sexton and Elder Weekes got to be endowed in the Nauvoo temple in the morning! We are all so happy for them! That also meant that we were a bit short handed for the band ceremony vignette in the morning, but it all worked out okay. My family is also here in Nauvoo right now, which has been absolutely wonderful. Being able to share my testimony with them through music while here has been very tender and special.In the afternoon, my family and I watched Elders Songs and Stories, and Elder Larsen unknowingly chose my older brother to be Porter Rockwell. Watching him get dressed up by the elders was hilarious. Here’s another fun fact about me: I haven’t eaten candy in over 5 years. After the bandwagon, Sister Ferrin brought us all skittle-flavored otter pops. Since it wasn’t in candy form, I tried one, and it was really weird to taste the skittles flavor after so many years without eating them. In the evening, Sister Oman and I went to watch the British pageant with our families (her family was visiting at the same time as mine!). My twin sister (surprise, yes I have a twin) asked me which pageant was my favorite, and I told her I couldn’t pick. But I definitely have a special place in my heart for the British pageant because it’s all about missionary work! This summer, I have been a firsthand witness to the countless miracles that come from literally taking his name upon us. I know that God can and does work on our behalf to touch the hearts of the people of Nauvoo. I am grateful to serve with so many beautiful spirits (that’s all of you reading this!) here in Nauvoo before I go on to Canada. I hope I can continue to emulate the example of the many courageous missionaries that have come before me.Picture explanation: after the pageant, a racoon forced Sister Oman and I to get a ride home on the tech golf cart. Still don’t know how that happened. We tried to resist, but there wasn’t much we could do. ","https://drive.google.com/open?id=134xbMuglSxQngPIOd1M6EZW5ZJaWb1WS, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1W0VH1HeYUzDJAPWeWJBPxQLDJhyKG7GU"$%$Abraham Smith,7/17/2024,"Wednesday, Band","I woke up this lovely morning with Elder Jackman standing in my doorway, smiling. It was only slightly creepy. He did say that Jesus loves me though.This morning we had our morning coordination meeting in the west theatre. The site sister missionaries and some of the other NPMs don't get to see ""Remembering Joseph"", so the stage did an extra performance for them in the early morning! That's why we had the coordination meeting in the west theatre.Today, we had a group of over 500 youth from Houston in Nauvoo! We saw and played for them around old Nauvoo as we traveled around on the bandwagon in the morning.After the bandwagon, Elder Ferrin gave a brief lecture/devotional on personality types. There are many personality tests out there, but the one he talked about was a color personality test, containing red, blue, yellow, and white. He taught the importance of recognizing our personality type as well recognizing other people's type. That knowledge can help us communicate better with each other and better understand each other.Ok so. I may have impulse bought a Sour Skittles drink the other day. Today I opened it up and tried it. Holy guacamole that stuff is pure sugar. I do not recommend lol.Sunset by the Mississippi was awesome today! Unbeknownst to the band, Elder Coblentz was Salty Sam in 'Along Came Jones'! It was a hilarious performance! I'm so glad that he got to do that and that I got to witness that!There's this bit that I do right before the 50 states song. When Sister Bennett asks where we are from, I say the name of a Star Wars planet! I say a different one every day. Today's planet was Orto Plutonia.We had another funny moment at Sunset tonight. After '50 states', Sister Frei puts her trumpet down and runs to the keyboard to play 'Abide with me'. But this time, when she started playing, the keyboard started playing a funk beat demo track! Me and Elder Sanders were all caught way off guard and broke out snickering. Sister Frei was extremely quick in reseting the piano and continued playing the song. We think that someone was playing the piano earlier and accidentally bumped something. The band was subsequently banned by Sister Frei from touching the piano before the show lol.After the band's pageant duties of playing with the bagpipes and playing the national anthem, the band stayed to watch the British Pageant! This was my first time seeing it. Shout out to Elder Trejo and the other Fall stage Elders for absolutely hauling those flags! Wonderful! I thoroughly enjoyed watching the pageant!I have seen many miracles today and throughout this mission. I feel that we have been extremely blessed with overall good weather. Coming here, I was worried about hot weather and bugs, neither of which I do well with. But to my surprise and joy, neither have been much of a problem for me!I have also been very blessed with physical endurance to play the trumpet this summer. Playing every day has contributed to my endurance in playing at a high level all day long! I am also thankful that my face did not get injured.I am so thankful that I get to be here in Nauvoo this summer! I know that there are Nauvoo miracles all around us every day. I know that we touch the lives of thousands. I know that we all got called here for a divine purpose. God knows and loves each and every one of us. In the name of Jesus Christ, Amen.","https://drive.google.com/open?id=14_xCuWLQaMjspzeB3b-onHpceDYu3xNM, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Wv6pEYdPCAp6ltT-40Ap2aAWCoI4J6S6, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1W4CvilvgcQKeGOEve6Utz8Ulq7xSTmwG, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1W91T-foD8cfM6n1qFAii2_6_AXC2Z7vh, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Vpa90fbWpTYOuKAhZ_6M3I9qR2m_i2wp, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1yX28ixvQGRshDPshvnN0RB8zPrAUgQ0B"$%$Michael Hardy,7/18/2024,Thursday - Stage,"Today me and E Larsen got to go to the temple and do sealings, which I really only have once or twice so it was a good reminder of how the ordnance is done. We got put in a room with Sister Schropher and Duncomb and this couple visiting Nauvoo, the Needles! They were awesome, and at one point me and E Larsen got sealed as brothers to them. We got to go to the celestial room after and then went home to get some breakfast! The morning shows were really good today. We had a lot of older audience members there which I actually love because when we sang Laura’s Nauvoo, 3 or 4 of them were crying. Which of course just makes me feel it even more! It really is a different kind of special experience when you can visually see the spirit working through the audience members, let alone feeling the spirit so strong already. And then when we did Hymns of Zion (this happens every time we have older audience members), they audibly react to the different melodies and react to the things we say! It is so funny but I massively appreciate it at the same time. Go Ye also went well and then we went home and had some lunch. Yesterday Sister Wilkin and Gould were over a youth group and after we watched the King Follett Sermon they went straight to dinner with them and I made a joke that they should bring us leftovers. And then last night as im getting my mic on for sunset, E Larsen walks in with the massive bag of tamales that they dropped off for us haha! So we had those for lunch and they were literally the best things in the world. We were then off to our afternoon shows! Elders Songs and Stories was first and right as we started, E Poyfair was still chewing on a whole mouthful of carrots. I guess I should have waited a bit but I always just start out of no where and don’t give a lot of warning haha. But he was still chewing during our first song and was trying not to burst out laughing and so of course some of the elders were grinning ear to ear trying not to laugh. It probably didn’t help that he had to run to the trash can and spit it out haha. Luckily the only audience members we had were 3 or 4 different family cast families, which it was really fun to talk to them after. I also met a lady who worked in family support for the pageant and it was so interesting to talk to her and learn about her responsibilities. I don’t think I realized how organized and planed each specific part of the pageant is and I am just so glad that we have an opportunity to be apart of it. This youth group that came at the end was from Texas and gave us a bunch of fruit rollups! We then had Nauvoo Singers which is always a fun show, especially B afternoon with E Larsen. He always goes all out because the only line he has is the “chose the sprite line” so today his victim was E Poyfair who got *lightly* pushed to the ground haha. Today was also a Thursday so the core cast took our Go Ye show this afternoon and I also wasn’t in Hymns of Zion so I had quite a big break to catch up on my journal and read some spanish BoM. Then we had the second Elders Songs and the couple that we did dealings with, the Needles, were there! Also a bunch the sisters came because they didn’t have Women of Nauvoo. Sister Reeds family was there and so E Larsen picked her grandpa as Porter Rockwell and he did such a good job. The audience loved it. I met this family, their son just got off his mission from Puerto Rico and another son about to leave to Cancun! The father was an accountant as well so we got to talk about all that fun stuff. We then had YoZ and a bunch of youth ended up coming so it was fun to interact with them. E Shaw was letting kids strum his guitar while he played the chords so it looked like they were really playing! Then Sister Unsworth was playing the violin for Sister Shaw, like it was on her shoulder and Sister Unsworth was doing the fingering and all these kids were watching so I grabbed the bow and tried to guess where it went haha it kinda worked! We then went home and had tamales again, they were just so good. Sunset was a dream tonight. The high today was like 80, so it felt so nice compared to what it usually is and I hardly sweat at all. It was also a pageant night tonight so we didn’t have a bunch of time to talk to everyone but we met the new site sister, Sister Meyers, and Sister Schnobrich gave me a whole bag of cookies! We then ran off to the pageant stage and as me and E Joyner were walking up, an old friend saw me afar off and ran up to us and I was so surprised to see her! What was even crazier is that E Joyner knew her from when he did FSY haha small world. The pageant itself went really well though. I sat with Sister Redd and Andersen and we caught up on our journals. Me and E Larsen killed the curtain pull part. One line that really stuck out to me tonight that I just never really thought of before even though I’ve heard it so many times now. Parley P Pratt says “when you’re here, we’re here also!” Really profound when you think about it and my words can’t describe how it feels to be apart of this great work here and serve with saints on both sides of the veil in this beautiful city of Nauvoo, we are very lucky! And even when we were about to leave, some of the pageant people gave us some snacks again and this time I went for a cosmic brownie. As we were gathering our stuff to leave, E Weekes came up to me and offered me his cosmic brownie! God bless that man. We took a lot of the Maxwell elders home, and as we were at their house, we realized we left E Joyner and E Smith haha oops. By the time we caught up to them they were already by the temple so we were only a block away. But the windows were rolled down and E Joyner jumped through the drivers side window and crawled over E Maner to the back haha, what a fun group of guys. ",https://drive.google.com/open?id=1qydsH3cFTY41qec6mjEI1bbx2mJhLpRV$%$Sister Amy Heywood,7/19/2024,"Friday, Stage","Today was Sister Unsworth’s birthday!! I walked down the stairs in the morning to see the beautiful decorations that Sister Harmon had put up for her sweet companion. I love the atmosphere of love and celebration that we always have at the hatch house!! The sisters have all done an amazing job at building a feeling of unity, charity and love. Whether it’s birthday decorations, keeping the house clean, group discussions, group dinners or playing silly games. I love all of these girls and I can’t wait to see them all in Provo (or at least most of them will be in Provo) when we get back!! We started out the morning with a quick 20 minute full-body workout. Then we got ready and Sister Bennett and I started dinner prep. We stabbed and oiled the potatoes and stuck them in the crock pot. Then once we had our T-parts done, snoods in, pioneer dresses on and lunch packed we headed out the door for a full day of performances!! For our coordination meeting in the morning we read more of the All About Me papers and read little snippets of the journal entries. I love how everyone was so focused on how they were able to see God’s hand in everything that happened throughout the day. Everyone here is so inspiring. I am so blessed to be a part of this family!! It truly does feel like a family. Everyone seeks to uplift each other and focus on being grateful to God.We had a full day of performances!! Today was an A day so I had Remembering Joseph. One tradition that our cast has started is a pre-show devotional. We each take turns sharing a spiritual thought and then we all pray together. Today I shared a thought about confidence. In D&C 121:45 it says that when we choose to have charity and allow Christ to change us, we will be able to have confidence in the Lord. The footnote on confidence takes you directly to the topic of “trust in the Lord.” This made me think of what I had read earlier that week in the Book of Mormon about Alma the younger’s father, Alma. He prayed mightily that the Lord would help his son to change his ways and return to the light. He exercised his faith and then he put it in the Lord’s hands and the Lord brought a miracle to him. He knew he could trust in the Lord because he had seen His hand so prevalently already in his life. His confidence was strong and was made even stronger when he chose to exercise his faith. Then the Lord was able to change the heart of his son. I tried to help the people in my cast see that this same confidence that Alma the elder had is the same one that we can show as we bear our testimonies on stage.There are people in the audience today that may be going through things that we don’t know about, or that are unimaginably hard. But if we can show how we exercise our faith and trust in the Lord, we can help them to know that they can rely on Him too. He has brought many miracles into my life and I know that He can do the same for all those who are seeking to follow him. I have confidence in the Lord. He is the reason that I am here in Nauvoo. Because He has always got my back, I can have the confidence that he is working miracles in the lives of those around me through my performances, no matter how imperfect they may be.The baked potatoes were a smashing success!! So yummy!! We loaded them up with chili, green onions, cheese, sour cream, and bacon bits.After dinner we went to Sunset and danced our socks off!! The weather wasn’t too bad tonight. I love doing sunset every night. I know that even something as silly or simple as a high kick and a YEE HAW can brighten someone’s day. Even if I can just make one person smile, that’s a victory for me!! I am still fulfilling my missionary purpose to bring others into the joy of Jesus Christ’s gospel.We headed home to have a little party at the pavilion for Sister Unsworth’s birthday!! Sister Harmon, Sister West and Sister Shaw made a beautiful cake, Sister Daurio and Sister Franz provided the ice cream and I brought some Gluten Free Oreos of course!! We invited the Elders to come too. Then we went back home and decided to do a MANNEQUIN CHALLENGE!! We all made ridiculous poses around the common area and Sister Harmon went around and filmed us all!! We had the Pride and Prejudice soundtrack playing the background. Peanut butter, flower pots, cake crumbs, watermelon, and ice packs were everywhere!! We were all laughing hysterically😂 such a fun and random night!! Just another night in the Hatch House!!","https://drive.google.com/open?id=18v2cUK5Te5G_HzxbdaXXRIp8jKd4E5Lg, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1LffLn5DtS92HxUs9EUXgGAsKtuUGRqHO"$%$Emma Hailstone,7/20/2024,"Saturday, Stage","Today was a bitter sweet day! It was full of miracles as well as sudden goodbyes. We started off with an early morning pageant rehearsal with the Yellow Cast! The cast picked up on the formations and spacing really quickly so we left just after 9:00am. It was a B-day so I started out with Praise His Name in the Dance. We did two shows and After lunch the B-cast did our first showing of remembering Joseph. After our first performance, Sister West and I had two little girls ask for our signature in their Nauvoo autograph book. It was just a little piece of paper and we signed in pencil, but it was so sweet that she was so enraptured by the missionaries. Here in Nauvoo I have been touched so many times by the little children. They radiate the light of Christ and have so much genuine love for people that they hardly know. I have had so many little girls run up to me when I am having a hard day and say, “you are a princess!” or “you are so pretty!” or they will just come up and tap your shoulder and just say hi and look up at you in wonder. There have been some days when I have been feeling down on myself and not feeling very pretty and those girls have come as a little tender mercy helping me remember that I am beautiful and loved. In those moments I have always tried to turn the attention back on them and help them understand that they ARE a princess, and that they THEY are beautiful, and I love to hear about what they love to do. Sister West is also amazing at that. I hope those little girls remember the love and the spirit that they felt more than they remember us. We also had the opportunity to sing Invocation as a remembering Joseph cast for a young sister who grew up coming to Nauvoo for years and Invocation was her favorite song. The spirit was super strong and the whole visitor’s center paused as we sang. Next up was the Band Cocnert. Sister West always has something exciting up her sleeve during this show. We had an older audience and during the band feature Sister West had the brilliant idea to have all the old couples come up and dance in front of the stage. It was a really tender moment and their smiles were so bright for the rest of the concert. As we were waiting back stage before our 2nd remembering Joseph show Sister Blair turned to me and said that we needed to hurry out after the next show because she had a departing interview with President and Sister Mehr. She then told me she had just finalized plans with Elder and Sister Furch and that she was going to head home the following Monday or Tuesday. We were all really surprised, but as she explained the mental health struggles she had been experiencing my heart went out to her. She had worked so hard and performed for so long when every moment was so difficult. She had nothing more to give and I was so grateful to her and for the sacrifices she had made to be here for as long as she had. That next Joseph was a special one. It was Sister Blair’s last show with us and we all wanted to do our best for her. Elder Call’s first vision delivery was really tender and emotional, and Elder Smith’s poor wayfaring man of grief solo was particularly touching. Every time we begin to sing that last verse of a poor wayfaring man of grief, the spirit bears witness to my soul that the good works that we do here on earth no matter how big or small are seen by the Savior Jesus Christ. When we are not ashamed of Him, He won’t be ashamed of us. We took a group picture on the stage afterwards to capture the cast on that last day. I had the privilege to be Sister Blair’s companion during her departing interview with President and Sister Mehr. It was a really tender meeting and many of the words he said to her were also things I needed to hear. I wanted to include the scripture he shared with Sister Blair because I think it is applicable to many of our missionaries here who have suffered with illness or injury of any kind. He shared Doctrine and Covenants 124:49 which says, “49 Verily, verily, I say unto you, that when I give a commandment to any of the sons of men to do a work unto my name, and those sons of men go with all their might and with all they have to perform that work, and cease not their diligence, and their enemies come upon them and hinder them from performing that work, behold, it behooveth me to require that work no more at the hands of those sons of men, but to accept of their offerings.”I know when we give our greatest effort, even when it does not look like our original plan of what our best should be, the Lord will accept those offerings and he is ALWAYS grateful for our efforts.Sister Blair announced her decision to return home to the whole cast during our sunset coordination meeting. Once everyone learned that it was her last sunset performance we all performed super hard for her. Since it was a Saturday we had to rush immediately from the Sunset stage to perform in the Nauvoo Pageant. It was closing night for the Blue cast and so it was our last night to perform with the Beals and the Cotton families. Both the Cottons and Beals came a week early before rehearsals started so they could see the sites and get to know Nauvoo before they started performing. We got so close with them and we knew all of their kids’ names. We would say hi to them back stage and at the end of performance week one of the older kids in the cotton family sang a solo for all of the NPMs. These families are so special to me and have really helped me develop an image of how I want my future family to be someday. Their children glowed with light and they all had a desire to serve and share that light with others. We all signed a card gave it to them and took pictures with them in our pageant costumes. People tell us that we make a difference here in Nauvoo, which I pray we do, but I think I have really been blessed to meet some of God’s most choice souls out here and I have learned so much from them. I am eternally grateful I have been a part of this special cast of Nauvoo Performing Missionaries. You have all blessed my life in such tender ways both large and small. I know and testify that Joseph Smith is a prophet, and that because he asked questions and trusted in God, the fullness of the gospel of Jesus Christ was restored to the earth. Because of that restoration and because of the infinite atonement of Jesus Christ, our families can be together forever. Much love!!Sister Emma Hailstone","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1SkXuoC-dKX4rdFMGEDCMzHtLH37sqoa2, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1bV3eK4XLDgJ4REL8_3dMwj64AMZlBuRG, https://drive.google.com/open?id=11EXKBkFz4ztaznf41Aj0zTPC09GhfFT1"$%$Camden Sanders ,7/21/2024,Sunday | Band,"It was the day we had 3 love of the Savior concerts. I was expecting the day to feel very long but it was actually going by quicker than I thought. Performing for the missionaries was fun! I'm always impressed by the people who do ""I heard him come"". It's always so touching & done so well it's hard not to cry. Meanwhile, I'll find people who are taking a nap in the audience. I don't think it's a bad thing I'm actually honored that what we do is peaceful enough to sleep too. & Then you have people who become more & more engaged as the show goes on. There was a man who approached me after the concert, sobbing as he said ""you don't know the power you have"". His heart was so sincerely touched by the spirit we presented & the meaning behind our music. That is one of the reasons why I love interacting with people! Because I get to see the impact I have on them. To know they have felt inspiration or just to have a little moment of happiness warms my heart & reassures me that what I'm doing really is meaningful. I have felt nothing but an overwhelming sense of love here from NPMs, site missionaries, pageant casts, & visitors of Nauvoo! ",id=1ZTQqu4PMFLUiPqd97_C3ILatU7-WHEv8$%$Sister (Rebekah) Grover,7/22/2024,"Monday, Band Sister","     Merry P-Day observed Christmas! Today the band sisters in our house all woke up, got ready for the Christmas party, and put our white elephant presents underneath our Christmas tree for a picture. We then prayed and headed over to the park to meet everyone else, and we had a lovely time. First, everyone gathered in the pavilion and made a pile of presents and a pile of cereal. It caused quite a stir when the Maxwell elders showed up all dressed up to make a nativity scene, and some thought it was slightly sacrilegious, but they put on a cute little nativity. After that, we said a prayer, and I think everyone had cereal. I am not a huge fan of cereal, so I was distracted talking to someone instead of having cereal. After that, we all put the presents in the circle, sat down, and drew numbers. I was number 38, and it went from 1-43.      The festivities began, and the first present that was chosen was by Elder Coblentz. He chose Elder Lemon's gift, which was rootbeer, milk, trombone spit, a piece of lettuce, and a hotdog in a pop bottle. Isn't that lovely? I was unfortunately kind of distracted talking during most of the presents, but some of the memorable ones were a photo frame with lots of pictures to go in it (including the Twin Towers, the Titanic, President Daniel S. Mehr, etc.), a giant slinky, signed drumsticks and a drumhead that was bent because Elder Lemon whacked it on his head, a nice pineapple vase, Pablo the Potato made by my my companion, a tapestry, and more. It was a very nice time, and I think I got tan sitting on the sun. We finished up the white elephant, took a picture, and headed off. The band sisters went to Keokuk to go to Aldi and Walmart, and we did all of our shopping successfully. Sister Frei and I did some skincare in the parking lot, and then we all drove back to Nauvoo.      After getting back to the house, we all had lunch on our own, and then Sister Frei and I cleaned the bathrooms. Everyone did their cleaning and P-Day things, and it was a nice relaxing day. Normally Sister Frei and I go out and take site tours, but we officially finished all of them last week, so we took a break, but we did go check out the Zion's Mercantile and Eborn Books. We ran into the family of the bagpipe major in Eborn Books, and we played with their youngest son and a kitten who was roaming in the store. After the afternoon of P-Day, we all got pioneered up, and headed off for the Nauvoo Community Band concert. I had a change to talk to my new friend the other euphonium player, and she and I had a nice talk about religion. She is Catholic and her husband is Methodist, and we talked about how we knew how important Christ and having a church is. She says they called her children Metholics, and we had a really nice chat. I know that people are drawn to Christ because of the truth of His divinity and love for us, and that we are blessed to be in His true restored church on this earth. As ministers and disciples of Christ, we can share our love for Him, and in so doing, share His love for all of God's children with others.      The Community Band concert went well, and then we went backstage while the bagpipes played. I know this is an unpopular opinion, but I love bagpipes, and they invite the Spirit into my heart. The days when it's been a long day, or I'm worried about when my mission call will finally come, or anything else, I'm always glad to hear the bagpipes at the end of the day. After the bagpipes, we headed onstage and played the pre-show. There was a family in the front row who has been here for a few days -the husband and wife met in the brass band almost twenty years ago- and we played the setlist that had several of the songs they had been hoping to hear. I know the Lord places us in the right place at the right time to show people what they would most benefit from, and today was a witness of that.      We played the Sunset by the Mississippi, and the show went great. Afterwards we had the opportunity to visit with people, and we talked to several people. Everyone we visited with mentioned how Nauvoo has such a special spirit, and I know that is true. The saints who lived here consecrated their lives to Christ. They learned of Christ, relied on Christ, and tried every day to be more like Christ. As servants of Him, we can draw on their strength and examples as we serve and love our Savior, who made that great sacrifice for each of us. This place was such a stepping stone in the history of the church, where the sacred saving ordinances of the temple were revealed, and all who come here can feel it. After visiting, Sister Frei and I put our instruments away, I had a stick and fenced Elder Jackman (except he cheated by throwing his stick), Sister Frei and I and some other band sisters said goodbye to Sister Blair, and we drove home after Sisters Garner and Smith walked. The band sisters had a little spa night where we relaxed, did some nail painting and skincare, and otherwise wound down from the day, and then we went to bed after planning for the temple tomorrow.      I have a testimony that this church is true. Jesus Christ lived, sacrificed Himself for us so that we can be repent and made perfect though His infinite atonement, died, and lives again. He will come again. I know that our Heavenly Father has a plan for each of us. As of right now, my mission papers have been submitted for sixty days, and I still have not got my mission call. We think it will likely come tomorrow, but we don't know as an absolute. It has been a real challenge to have my papers in for so long and wonder why I have not received a call to serve yet, but I have been learning in putting my trust fully in the Lord and His timing. Our Heavenly Father can see our whole lives, and it is so exciting that we get to learn what we will accomplish and do here on this earth line upon line, day by day, as we learn and try to be more like Christ. Our Heavenly Father and Savior have a perfect love for each of us, and they want to guide us back to them.","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1T1hlLxoBlhG2Jmlxi49V3D5kq3nn0W6F, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1U_uI_1CdcEt2WTbOFRt9Uc-oNzOmGiYY"$%$Elder Josh Call,7/23/2024,Tuesday Stage,"What an awesome day!! We had a dress rehearsal at the pageant stage this morning and the weather was great! At Praise His Name in the Dance, our cast got to meet the Wearing family! They have come for years to visit Nauvoo and they were in the pageants last year. After the show we taught the 3 youngest how to do some of the dances in the show and they loved it! We had so much fun and quickly became good friends. I’m so grateful that the Lord allows us to have these cool relationships with people who we’ve hardly met! Later, in between Elders songs and stories and Nauvoo Singers the Elders went shopping at the Nauvoo Market because Sister Ferrin told us about a deal that was going on there. We went to the market and the painting shop across the street. The artwork was amazing and we had fun going on a little excursion. Then tonight we had our 50th Sunset Show!!! To celebrate, we included a fake proposal by Elder Shaw to Sister Franz on stage, little maner’s first stage debut, and a faceplant by an unnamed Sister. On a totally unrelated note, pray for Sister Daurio. At the pageant I was talking to Sister Fonseca and asked her advice about going home. She told me that it was really sad. That’s it. No, not really. She also said something that seriously made my heart leap! She said that although it is really hard to leave, that we’ll see these people everyday when we get home! I love you all and so it made me so happy thinking that we’ll get to continue to be such great friends after this is all over! Being here with all of you must be like what it was like after Jesus came and ministered to the people in ancient America. “And it came to pass that there was no contention in the land, because of the love of God which did dwell in the hearts of the people.” (4 Nephi 1:15). I’m so grateful for the love Christ has put in our hearts for the visitors, for each other, and for our Heavenly Father! This is truly a great work we’re a part of. ",id=1D156tu5bmpLKpJ2L6UYppSJQMa8ezoeP$%$Elder S Smtih,7/25/2024,CHRISTMAS,"Didn’t have time to fill in the details, but here’s what happened!!!Rained so praise happened insideI FINISHED THE BOOK OF MORMON, SO COOLFun to run tech which I’ve been learning a little aboutJoseph rehearsal for fall cast in betweenFurch had us start late to finish a touching scene, Nauvoo is in good handsLunch was good, had a sandwich which is the same lunch I’ve had every day for the entirety of the mission Started saints at lunchGo Ye core cast did weird stuff, but it was fun to see!!Family came and we made a rope during go ye breakBEAT THE 45 SECOND LOADING RECORD WE GOT 27 with stephani and pyrah Met Abraham from DC he’s 16 and is very interested in musical theater and wants to learn more about John Taylor. He wants to write a musical about him! He loved how Remembering Joseph did Carthage even more so than pageant! I called a couple elders over to help with the John Taylor info stuff.Aunt Susie helped talk trees and why they cut down our favorite one by the print shop!Huge crowd for youth and elders.Youth went good, then We went home and I cleaned and started packing a box of souvenirs I’ve acquired here that won’t fit for my mom to drive home! So sad!Took a nap while waited for weeks to make dinner, stuffed peppers!Stuffed peppers got done at 6:10😩DELICIOUSBand sisters caroling on Christmas! They sang angels we have heard on high, and Larson promptly told them to get off our lawn and they ran away singing we wish you a merry Christmas!Sunset went well and was recorded! Kids all over the turf! Did orange blossom with Coblentz, new trade out spot for Mississippi mud cause my family is here. Susie loved the energy and smilesWe headed to pageantOnce we got here stephani and I went to go talk with Brian, an anti who posted up around the medical shack. We had a great conversation and invited him to watch the pageant on Tuesday… and today he was set up in a place where he could!!! I think we might actually be doing some good! He’s from Kansas and leads a religious study group and comes here yearly for a week. He was impressed to know that the actors were actually saying their lines, rather than recorded like the songs! “In all these things we acknowledge the hand of god through his servant, the prophet”We met Abraham again at pageant.So much fun to sing the national anthem before every show, how special!",id=190HOsVrabrVzvDXKY3d7i5pRJUxH5Jh7$%$Josh Poyfair,7/26/2024,"Friday, Stage","This was an ordinary sort of day in my perception, so rather than embellish the little variations of the day, I’d like to share some of the simple reoccurring pleasures I find on regular B Days like these.We love our little “Correlation Meetings” 2 or 3 times a week at 9 before our performances. Though there is little information to correlate this late in the season, we love getting to hear the spiritual thoughts of other districts and the “Who Am I” (where we hear about the interests and testimonies of fellow missionaries of the summer cast) guessing game hosted by Sister Furch. In Praise His Name in the Dance, our cast takes on the challenge of getting cautious spectators out of their comfort zones. Like boiling a frog in hot water, we lure the visitors in, then we get them to watch, and by the end we have them hokey pokeing. It’s worth noting that we also have a special talent for making each other break character—although usually E Larsen takes that responsibility all by himself.Elders Songs and Stories is a masterpiece and though I’m scared one of our half-willing Orrin Porter Rockwell volunteers may bite my pinkey off one of these times I try to pin the Deputy Marshall’s badge on him—it’s always a risk I’m willing to take for the sake of the audience’s entertainment.My favorite thing about our Nauvoo Singers performance is the little touch of personality that each one of the performers gives to fascinate the children. We often even entertain the adults against their will.I get to sit at the back of 70s hall and watch much of “Go Ye” you’d think after hearing the same old story 50 times that I’d tune out the words of the vignette, but the sequence of revelations and sacrifice by the early saints rivets me every single time and I can’t help but ponder on the faith of true disciples of the Master when he called them to lay down there 19th century nets and follow him to England. I think of their wives and families’ whose equal labor and trust in God yielded less evident fruits yet whose hands built Zion where it was.Hymns of Zion is powerful when the whole Hall joins us as we sing the Spirit of God. What seems like a less impressive show unexpectedly fills you with joy as you feel  the connection to the families and individuals—a microcosm of what Heavenly Father feels for us.At the end of Youth of Zion I get to thank the audience for coming and testify of Jesus. It’s one of the moments of the week where I most try to follow the Spirit and be God’s oracle. Today, with family members in the audience who I know are passing through certain trials, I felt to share my witness of Christ’s sacrifice for us all. The Spirit whispered for me to conclude with the simple phrase “I say these things in the name of Jesus Christ, amen” even though I’d never heard anyone in my place say that after a show. I thought it would sound tacky but I said it anyways. Me and my family have been greatly blessed here in Nauvoo",id=1soCIYz1kh9uyBuaJ9C2-xQHDphrn0gM2$%$Sister A. Anderson,7/27/2024,Saturday,"Events of the day We had early morning rehearsal for Pageant this morning which was awesome, though it was hard because today was a bad leg and hand day for me (I have shin splints and really bad egzema on my hands). However, my spirits were lifted slightly by some of the bits that Elder Pyrah and I do in the evening dance, such as sprinting up behind the posts as fast as we can, holding each other back while the family cast comes on, and then leaping onto another platform to wait until the Scottish fling starts. I was really grateful for his friendship today. Throughout today, I saw many tender mercies. My legs were hurting really badly, it was my night to make dinner, and I was running on low sleep. However, Sister Hailstone and Sister Shaw went to get Sister Barrus so I wouldn't have to walk, Sister Harmon gave me some deep blue for my leg, and during our lunch block, Sister Franz and Sister Shaw helped me make dinner and a lunch for me, and despite some trouble with the pesto, it turned out pretty well! I am grateful God sent these sisters to help me when I was needing it the most. Later in the day, Elder Maner's little sister Lexi talked to me at Women of Nauvoo and expressed her excitement to see her big brother and it was so sweet, it made me even more grateful for the truths that we get to testify of here about the eternal nature of family units, sealed together by Priesthood Power. Later, we chatted with the actor who plays Robert Laird and his girlfriend after Nauvoo Singers. In between shows, we took fun pictures in the basement, Elder Joyner played guitar, we made jokes and sang, and I just felt so much love and appreciation for the comradery that we've all found here and the family that has come from Nauvoo. As we were doing Hymns of Zion, I said ""Her first publems were poeshed"" instead of ""her first poems were published"" and Sister Daurio and I were dying laughing over it. I am so grateful for laughter and the ability to recover from and learn from slip ups and mistakes. I'm even more grateful for the Atonement that makes every mistake a growth opportunity instead of an eternally disappointing event. Right after that, we did Women of Nauvoo round 2 for the day and we saw The lady who runs the Allyn house who was finally able to come and with her mother in law! It was so good to see her!When we were returning to the Cultural Hall to get everyone changed and to Youth of Zion, we saw a woman named Bonnie fall and scrape herself up pretty badly. It was a tender mercy that we were there to minister to her by helping her clean out her cuts and call Sister Ferrin to check her out. When we all got home, Sister Harmon helped me make pasta and I am.so grateful because there was enough food for everyone. The weather was looking a little sketchy by the time we finished dinner and sure enough, Sunset got shortened because of the rain. However, I think to me this was one of the most special Sunsets to me because of the interactions I was able to have with the audience afterward. Katelyn Michaelson, a friend from my MTC group who had surprised me by coming to Nauvoo, and her group brought me flowers and roses for each of the sisters to remind them that they are princesses. Dawn Larsen, Elder Larsen's mom bought a butterfly keychain just for me because on a previous visit to Nauvoo, Dawn and I had bonded over butterflies and the ways they are important to us (somewhat in a spiritual way) and lucky for me, I was able to give big grandma (her mom) a rose and see her smile as she realized it was for her.I felt grateful that Sunset had been shortened, though I really wanted to perform, my foot was hurting pretty badly at the time and in this, I was able to see God's hand in protecting me but still allowing me to be a missionary and to connect with people. From there, we all went to Pageant, and I was able to chat with my cousin (Brandon who played Joseph) before we sang songs together with the Pageant cast and the Pageant was canceled. We had an opportunity to sing to all the visitors as they were leaving and it proved to be a very powerful spiritual experience. Then Sister West helped me cut the flowers and get them into a vase and Sister Harmon and I had a lovely chat about roommates. All in all, today was one of my hardest days here because of the pain that I was experiencing and how tired I was, but God was mindful of me and he saw exactly who I needed. I know our Heavenly Father is mindful of us in our trials and He sends not just what He has, but the best of what He has to help lift and strengthen us. I’m grateful for my sisters who have built me up and cared for me when I had no more strength to move forward. God lives and He loves us personally and deeply. I share this testimony in the name of Jesus Christ, Amen.",id=1Wy63TYf_7gZMlo8ej-O52G7hjdxMG-6b$%$Elder Schnebly ,7/28/2024,"Sunday, Tech","Welcome back to a day in the life of a Nauvoo Technissionary. Today was Sunday, so we had to actually get up on time to make sure we were ready for church on time. Some of the Marlow Elders had to go earlier, so they left first and Elder Smith and Elder Joyner came with us a little later in our nice, high tech MINI VAN! Yes, we finally gave up our cart and upgraded a little while ago. As usual, the East Theater was overly full for church, but Marlow had saved us a couple seats!The talks were amazing! Sister Daurio spoke about God being in the details of our lives. She specifically shared the conversion stories of her grandma, grandpa, and dad. She also shared a story she told as a primary child of skiing with her dad and the lessons she learned from that. To me, that highlights the very purpose of this very journal and recording histories and experiences in general. It is hard to notice that God is in the details when memories and details are not recorded to look back on in the future.Then there was a musical number with Sister West playing the violin, Sister Franz on the piano, and Sister Anderson, Elder Maner, and Sister Hailstone singing Prayer of the Walking Child. It's a fantastic song about a child walking across the plains and their faith filled prayers to their Father in Heaven. I highly encourage you to read the lyrics or listen to it. The Spirit filled the room as they sang.Then, Hermana Jimenez spoke. She shared many stories from her own past, especially with her connections to and inspiration from historic places throughout her life. Once again, this highlights the importance of recording and learning from the past: both your own and others. It also shows how the memories we make here can last for a lifetime, so let's make memories worth lasting a lifetime.We then went over to Priesthood meeting, where Elder Coblentz set up the mics real quick. I handed one to Elder Graham who was teaching and held on to the other one to pass around. We studied Elder Uchtdorf's talk from this last conference, ""A Higher Joy."" We talked about some of the things that bring us joy, and just like in the talk, we quickly turned our discussion to the higher joy found in the Spirit, especially here on a mission. Elder Atkinson even described the joy of being here on a Senior Mission with his wife as a ""victory lap."" We talked about the ultimate source of joy: Jesus Christ, for as we learn in 2 Nephi 25-27: men are that they might joy, and the Messiah came so that we might be free to choose joy through Him. If we don't choose to follow Him into eternal joy, we choose misery by not choosing. We are commanded to be perfect, meaning complete, or made according to design, and that is what we were created for: joy.After the meeting, we went to get the mics from Sunset, but realized we forgot the keys at home... So we drove home to get them real fast and then got them, then returned to get the stuff and finish setting up for Love of the Savior. Then we went home for lunch and were able to relax for a bit. Good thing too, because the rest of the day was about to get crazy...The Group Me started blowing up with questions about the schedule for this evening, since it was the only other performance of Our Story Goes On for the whole summer, but also the last run of Trail of Hope B Cast, and some had family in town. Many people had different ideas and opinions, and we finally let it settle until Elder Furch could respond. Elder Furch was ""putting out one fire as four more come flying in through text,"" so was a little preocupied. When we arrived back at the Visitors' Center in time to be ready for mic checks, Elder Furch had finally responded that Trail of Hope would only be done briefly for the visiting families, not open to the rest of the visitors to allow for watching Our Story, and was in the process of communicating that change along all propler chanels.At the same time, Patrick Rose, who came in to record the Band today, was there to coordinate with. Right after the Love of the Savior concerts, we were going to record the band playing the Sunset tracks for the Fall and the forseeable future. So, we needed to bring basically all of our mics and things from Sunset. So, we went over there real fast to grab all of our wired mics, all of our mic stands, and all of our XLR cables. Elder Coblentz ran back over to get going with mic checks for Love of the Savior while I finished loading everything up in the van and driving it over. Some of the Site Sisters helped bring the stuff in and we stage it all in the Production Office next to the booth. Patrick then asked us to go get some stage monitors, so the band could hear playback for ""punching in"" or rerecording just one part of a song to replace the previous recording. So, back I went to pick those up and bring them in. Going back and forth, carying things in and out, up and down and up and down stairs in suit pants, white shirt, and tie was sweaty work...The first concert went well. I love watching the changing lights along with the dynamics and words of the lines and music. After the show, the singers and the violins wang Laura's Nauvoo from the balcony which was powerful as always. I love that song so much! Some of us also sang happy birthday to a visitor named Amber who had been to many of the shows throughout Nauvoo and had connected with the performers. She said it was her best birthday ever. The second show went well as well and we went straight to work setting up for recording.We set the band up in a square formation, with the drums in the pit, tuba and trombone stage right, woodwinds upstage center, french horns upstage left, and trumpets downstage left. We used nearly every mic possible, getting at least one mic per two instruments, plus four on the drums. We routed it all into the TiO (an input-output box) then out through Dante, an audio network, to the sound board. We patched it all through the board out to Patrick's laptop, and immediately ran into problems. Already, the physical set up had taken aver an hour, and it took us at least another hour to figure out what we were doing wrong and why it wasn't actually sending any data to Patrick's recording system... Finally, we were ready to test the microphones and EQ it all. That took about another hour and we finally started recording at nearly 8. Once we got going, it went really well! Our Band is amazing! We got through everything but Jones, Skip to my Lou, Orange Blossom, and Fifty States, which we'll do tomorrow. This Band will go down in history! And this history is, quite literally, being recorded.We ended for the night around 9:30 and drove past the pageant stage on the way home to see if maybe we could catch the end of the show, but it was already over and everyone was leaving. So, we just went home. Exhausted, Elder Coblentz went straight to bed. I stayed up for a while longer until the rest of Marlow got home. They had made us some dinner, but we never got it, since we never left the West Theater, so I finally got to eat dinner (don't worry, we were snacking on Animal Crackers and Oreos the whole time) at about 10. Finally, I went to bad to the sounds of a big storm starting up for the night outside.","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1mHrKlTZFPvesTtXL-glYQZflrXwWaWiB, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1rlZyWDehCSiqCeOarGCbnnOQWnAV6BEy"$%$Autumn Redd,7/29/2024,Stage ,"A gnarly thunder and lightning storm woke almost everyone in the Hatch house around 4:00am this morning. I stayed up for a bit watching the storm and reflecting on all of my experiences here in Nauvoo. I’m grateful for all of the memories, good and bad, and all of the learning experiences. My testimony has grown thanks to all of you and your Christlike examples. While everyone else was frolicking, Sister Andy and I walked to the temple and had a mini comp study. We reflected on our time in Nauvoo and the lessons we’ve learned. Sorry to break it to you all, I was blessed with the best companion. The sisters in the Hatch house visited Sister Tukuafu this morning. We enjoyed listening to her adventurous life and advice. Here were some of our favorite words of wisdom:When you make something, you love itRepetition brings convictionHaving a family broadens opportunity Music stays with you the rest of your lifeThe value of a good name is carried on for generations Look at your relationships as if you’ve known them for thousands of years (because you have!)Sister Tukuafu then introduced us to her friend Betty who shared some of her gospel insights regarding her Native American culture. She also shared some profound connections to her ancestors and Lehi and Nephi in the Book of Mormon. She bore her testimony in the truthfulness of the Book of Mormon and the restoration. It was a beautiful way to spend our morning. After picking up some groceries and Little Caesar’s pizza for lunch in Keokuk, Sister Andy and I toured the Tomb of Joseph Museum on Mullholland Street. Joseph Smith initially started building the tomb because he knew the end was coming. He built a burial spot for him and his family members so that they could all be resurrected next to each other. We don’t know where the Tomb of Joseph actually was built, it’s all speculation, but the concept of being resurrected with his family members bears the prophet’s testimony in the Plan of Salvation. Sunset was HOT and HUMID! We’ve been blessed with very cool weather this summer, but this week looks like it will be the hottest yet! But we’ve got this! We’re going to give it everything we got! Every show is the first show for someone in the audience. I have absolutely loved serving here in Nauvoo. I love being able to share my testimony through music. I know that Jesus Christ lives, that he is my brother, that he is my friend, that he is my savior. I know that Joseph Smith was a prophet of God and that through the power of God he translated the most correct book on earth. I love the Book of Mormon and know without a doubt in my mind that it is true. ","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1OOSYHX1PFje7241BoptE3pS0hvalW6r2, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1IQPzFGI31sPhMYyHzQCwGk4WV4snabeg, https://drive.google.com/open?id=14QxOEukd9XGcUkcf0sBKMqx5mimxKqQt, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1NflaN0yjxp6mFoxOHblBa1EwPnYHX2Bw"$%$Sister Chloë Barrus,7/30/2024,"Tuesday, Stage","Let me tell you. It was such an incredible day!! I started off by having early morning pageant rehearsal. I honestly have a lot of fun with those rehearsals cause we get to do a run dress rehearsal with the cast, and it gets me excited to do the show that night. Then we did Nauvoo Singers, which was actually really funny. When we did Woah Haw Buck and Jerry Boy, no one was singing the solo at first and we were all just kind of looking around. It was supposed to be Elder Maner, but he thought it was supposed to be Elder Weekes. So they kind of just looked at each other and then Elder Weekes started singing. Then on the third verse Elder Call got up to start singing his solo and then Sister Andy started singing it, so he was a bit confused. Then we got all the way to the end and Sister Harmon was the show captain so she was supposed to say the end part, but then Sister Andy started saying it. After it ended I realized what had happened and I turned around and was like, Sister Andy it’s B morning. And she was like, ohhh I thought it was A afternoon for some reason. It was kind of hilarious. After that we did Hymns of Zion and Go ye into all the world. After that we had lunch, and I really like B day lunches cause I get to have lunch at home with my companion. So I had some really good nachos and watched part of The Other Side of Heaven with sister Anderson. During lunch a pretty big storm started coming in so it started raining. That meant we got to do Women of Nauvoo inside! I honestly really liked doing it inside because that meant we didn’t have to go back and forth so much. After that we did another Nauvoo Singers, and then started heading to the seventies hall for Go Ye into All the World. It was a little bit sad because it was our last time doing Go Ye as a cast, since the pageant cast are taking over for Thursday and Saturday. But it was a really good show, and you could definitely feel the spirit. After Go Ye we went back to the cultural hall and hungout in the basement for awhile before we started heading over to the singing tree for Youth of Zion! A couple of my friends were in town so I got to see them at YoZ! It was super fun because all of them served in Nauvoo as site sisters with me, so they pretty much knew all the words and everything and it was so fun having them there! Afterwards we went home and Sister Unsworth and Sister Harmon had made really good barbecue rice bowls for dinner. While we were eating dinner though, we got news that it was raining too much and to just be prepared that we might not get to do the show. We were all praying pretty hard that we would still get to do it, especially since we didn’t have that many sunset shows left. So we got all ready and got to the sunset stage when Elder Ferris told us the show was getting canceled. We were all a little confused because it wasn’t raining at the point, but it was getting canceled because of the possibility of rain. We wanted to make the most of it, so we went out to the front of the stage and started singing great country and the gallant ship. We decided that we were going to do the show anyway, just with light any mics, and we were just going to go until we couldn’t any more. It was kind of exciting because we got to do the whole show since it didn’t start raining until the very end. It was honestly a lot of fun because it started raining during orange blossom special, so we did it without clogs, but it kind felt a little magical. The sun was shining and the rain was coming down, and we were all going a little crazy because we were just happy to be performing and nobody could actually hear us since we didn’t have mics. It was a blast! After we finished sunset, we headed over to the Nauvoo Pageant. It was pretty good other than the fact that during the evening dance I’m a part of the reel, which is a little complicated and it’s right in the center of the stage. I got halfway through our section of the dance and I completely forgot the whole thing! I kind of just stood there and said “uhhh!”. Not my favorite in the moment, but kind of funny to think about afterwards. After we finished the evening dance, we all rushed to the seventies hall because Elder Wankier got his mission call! We got there and it was already filled with site sisters, which was so fun to see! Sister Anderson and I got to sit at the very front and when he read his call I immediately started crying. I always love listening to people's mission calls because it reminds me of how I felt when I opened my own. But he got called to the Arizona Mesa mission, English speaking, leaving October 7th! It was such an incredible feeling watching him open his call. I was so proud of him for persevering the trials that it took to get to this place. And the room was filled with such a sense of love and unity it was overwhelming. I love serving together as a family in the Illinois historic sites.","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1z7iEQUGuvVf5Z2ojvin5oODeru9w6LSO, https://drive.google.com/open?id=16eKt-v7E4vhm6ko3upIsW_2wpAs4Afr6, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1C-NsCRdxCB_QocaMmTtPTeq5ujh5kXYV, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1tAyb5i0UJt3GWB4tdV-QN73FkGH77dFW, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1-7WnYQwxqzkL20tj9KV3DTP9KDCT-FmU, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1L8WqruOrYIGfjnnE0nYWG3ctKSUAwfV_"$%$Sister Ferrin,8/1/2024,Leader,"It’s my birthday today!!! My Son, daughter-in-law and three grand-daughters are here visiting! They are loving Nauvoo. This is the second morning we have met them to bring in the horses. That’s a sacrifice, since it’s really 6:15 their time and they usually don’t get up until 8 or 9 in the morninig, but it was worth it to them! They love all the music and vignettes! We went to all the performances possible. We were at the dancing tree, and the singing tree. The band had their performance at the singing tree and then played, “Happy Birthday” to me! (They also gave me a big birthday card that the whole band signed! Made my day to feel their love!!Ran to the dancing tree (man, these trees around here are talented!) and danced. We had to go back to the singing tree after the Pitt Concert, which my grand-daughters loved seeing “Papa” in, so my daughter-in-law could really hear the words of the Elder’s Songs and Stories. We had seen it on Wed., but my son was chosen for Porter Rockwell and she was laughing so much at my grand-daughters laughing at their dad on stage, that she missed most of it. After this performance, the Elders sang and danced, “You’ve Got A Birthday” Thank you! I  loved it! (I feel so much wiser!)I’m touched by all the performances and the performers. I feel the spirit in all that they do. I’ve been very impressed by the missionaries’ intentions to minister to the One. I get the privilege of reading the journal entries and they are sweet! I cry through many of them. We are coming to an end, with less than a week and they are still going strong, They have grown so much. I love watching them all! They are unique individuals, coming together with their talents to make our own little Zion society. I feel so blessed to be a small part of this journey with them. I know that Joseph Smith was called of God to be a prophet of the restoration! That Joseph and Emma grew line upon line to be worthy to feel the Spirit of the Lord to be taught how to bring the Gospel of Jesus Christ back to the earth. I know that the restoration continues and that we are part of it! I know that President Nelson is the Prophet of the Lord today and that he communicates with Him. I know that our Heavenly Father and Mother  knows each one of us and are patient and excited to watch us learn and grow on our path to returning to them! I love each one of you! Thank you for blessing my life with yours!",id=1VuN4rT_kA_C9yyhTBF0EG5Go2F_MwAVP$%$Madeline Franz,8/3/2024,"Saturday, Stage","“Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy and wealthy and wise”… or so they say. I feel sleepy! This morning we left early to go watch the pageant core cast perform Trail of Hope. I loved being gathered with all the missionaries to walk down the trail together. It was very powerful. I loved Jane Mannings story, of having so much faith, that they walked till their shoes broke, and their feet bled. When they couldn’t walk any more, they said a prayer and walked some more. Their faith in God We had a final coordination meeting in the 70s hall and talked about being instruments in the hands of God to bring about His great work. I LOVE that and know that it is especially true as missionaries here in Nauvoo.After the meeting we met in the basement of the cultural Hall while the band was doing their last morning Band Ceremony, and Elder Maner walked on the ceiling. (he’s a little too tall, so it was difficult and very funny. I have video proof if you ask nicely)It was my last day of Praise in Dance which is soooooo sad because it’s my favorite vignette, but our cast had an amazing last few runs. We took some goofy pictures, received a commemorative walnut, and a secret handshake may have been created. After lunch I performed Women of Nauvoo with my fellow Sisters, and we met Janice the nomad! We had an amazing conversation with her about Women’s role in the church especially in regard to the priesthood, and she even said that she wouldn’t leave Nauvoo till she was baptized! I want her to write a book, and also give a devotional, and be my personal life mentor. Thats all. 🙂When we got to the Cultural Hall after the show, the Miller family brought us two boxes of homemade cake pops! We stuck them in the fridge to have as a snack later and let me tell you, they were so good. Elder Hardy was sweet and snatched me one, while he grabbed his 3rd. They were REALLY good. Between Nauvoo Singers and Hymns of Zion, a few of us decided to walk down Main Street and sing some songs with the guitars and violins. It was tons of fun and we sang songs like The Fox, Gethsemane, and Childs Prayer. I love being surrounded by such talented people who love the gospel as much as I do!Me and Elder Wankier played Speed. And I won. Multiple times.The second performance of Women of Nauvoo was so wonderful and definitely a good last performance. Sister Barrus’ family was in the audience and her aunt came up and hugged her with tears in her eyes, saying that our performance was a tender mercy from God. She’s a Relief Society president and had been struggling with the weight of that job. Seeing us portray these saints, in this particular show, was a message for her from Heavenly Father. We never know whose lives we touch with our shows but I’m glad I got to see how our final performance of that vignette touched her. At Youth of Zion, we made a large circle around the benches during the jig because we had so many people, and me and Sister Andersen played our violins while standing on the bench in the middle and just had an absolute blast! We had a first time suggestion for the ‘suspicious character’ to have and throw a football? So that’s exactly what Elder Larsen did. One of the families in the audience threw a football to him to use and we were all laughing and smiling. At Sunset, us Sisters decided to pull a sweet little prank. We ALL swapped dresses! The best part is, it probably confused us more than it did anyone else! We got to the stage so early so we wouldn’t be caught, and when everyone came into the dressing room for our pre-show meeting, we (Sister Daurio) worked so hard NOT to bust up laughing.We had our final performance of the Nauvoo Pageant that night, and you guessed it! I cried. Again. What can I say! It’s a good show with a powerful message and I can’t stand the end when President Hinkley talks about the temple. I break every time. I am so grateful to my dance partners (shoutouts to Elder Call and Elder Larsen) who have been absolutely amazing and made that last show the BEST show. I am immensely grateful for the special spirit that is here, the connection I feel with my Heavenly Father, and the amazing friends that I get to serve with. I know that the people that lived here so long ago, walk with us, and are proud of us. I know that the temple is a house of God and we can truly converse with him, and find peace there. Okay! I love you all sooooo much! 🎬",https://drive.google.com/open?id=1TyOAU4fOLs7cr157kq44Pg7VNkLDB11o$%$Elder Ferrin,8/4/2024,"Sunday, Band","What an eventful day! It was wonderful hearing the testimonies in Fast and Testimony meeting this morning. Following Sacrament Meeting, President Mehr invited the NPM’s on the stage/rostrum to stand while the whole congregation sang “God Be With You ‘Till We Meet Again.” It was all very touching and I too was spiritually and emotionally touched. I feel such love for these marvelous young adults. The church and the world are in good hands with wonderful young adults like these. “Love of the Savior,” both performances, was outstanding. The whole program is really put together well and is quite uplifting. While everything in it is wonderful, even after 10 weeks of performance, I still find “Here is Hope” and “Faith in Every Footstep” to be most touching to me personally. More powerful than the music, is the Spirit of God emanating from the faces of the missionaries both on stage and in the orchestra. One might say that I have the single most prime seat. What a rush. It is so touching to feel the love of the Savior as I look into their eyes while conducting. The second performance of “Love of the Savior” was touching because it brought the whole summer experience to a close. It is rare when I have to remind myself “OK, Craig, you are professional. It is your job to keep it together for the performers.” Yet, when I feel such love for the Savior, and the light of the Spirit emanating from the faces, voices, and instruments, I felt so much gratitude that it became difficult to remain functional and to provide the needed leadership. Thank you Elders and Sisters for a glorious summer. The day was full of lasts. The missionaries did the final Trail of Hope for the summer. The woodwind quintet was quite remarkable and a touching last tribute. Oh, how Sister Ferrin and I love these missionaries. We have been so blessed to be a part of this whole Nauvoo Performing experience. I echo what Joseph Smith said “ This really is the loveliest place and the best people under the heavens.”",id=1u7iZyabsYqBpEkTAA7LyM3SxdpcHgm2K$%$Cole Joyner,8/5/2024,"Monday, Stage Elder","Journal 8/5Today the Marlowe house had a great of things to get accomplished and cleaned. We all woke up and got to work in preparing the house for our first cleaning check. I went out to our van to vacuum and deep clean it, whilst Elder Larsen was a champ taking on the Oven and Fridge. I made sure that our van was so clean that you could eat a dripping puff pastry off the floor. Once this was finished, I headed back inside to tackle the upstairs bathrooms. This consisted of scrubbing the vanity’s, mirrors, and mopping the floors. I saved the shower for Elder Maner, who would get fully in the shower and put in some elbow grease to scrub it clean. Once some of these main things were done, I vacuumed most of our house rugs and carpets until the vacuum decided to break and stall on me. After about 2 minutes of trying to figure out what happened to it, I turned the task over to Elder Maner to figure out. I then decided it was time to start packing some of my things up. We all worked on our own individual tasks for a bit, just doing whatever we thought would help better our cleaning checks. By this time, 1pm had rolled around and some of the sisters had messaged that they were getting together at Annie’s Custard for a quick treat. Once we heard this, Maner, Weekes, Smith, and I got in the car and headed over to also partake of the dairy goodness. I was a little extra hungry, so I was persuaded by the picture and description of the Chicken Teriyaki sandwich. However it was mildly disappointing. 10/10 would not recommend to a friend. I also a double scoop of mango ice cream and it was delicious, so that made up for the sandwich. Once the sisters arrived we all sat and chatted for a bit. It was Sister E. Andersen’s birthday, so we made sure to wish her a happy birthday as she was amidst a day of funtivities. After we had feasted at Annie’s, Elder Maner’s tummy had convinced him that he needed some food from the Red Front. So, being the good district we are, we supported Elder Maner in this decision and took him to get some food. However, when we got there we saw one of the Temple workers there and he offered to pay for our lunch. I had already eaten at Annie’s, so he just paid for the others’. While everyone else was eating, Sisters Andersen and Redd came in to pick up something Sister Andersen’s mom had ordered for her. While they stood in line, we faithfully watched a bag of fudge for them that they had asked us to watch. Not a soul at the table blinked or took their eyes off that tiny white paper bag. When the sisters came back, they had a giant tin container with a massive ice cream “brick” inside. We then went home to get Elder Larsen and Hardy and go on some tours, but they weren’t quite ready yet. So I went upstairs and laid down for approximately 5 minutes, before they came up and said they were ready. We went off to do a few of the Main Street tours again. Elder Maner hadn’t been on many of these tours, so we were happy to be apart of them with him. We first went to the Print Shop/John Taylor tour, where we learned about where words like stereotypes and ding bats come from. We learned that “ding-bats” are pretty little things that take up space. This was done to which Elder Larsen made a joke about Elder Maner being a ding-bat. This was all done in joking good-humor and we laughed it off. We then hit the post office, which was a lot shorter of a tour that I expected. I did however get a headache trying to read the written letters that would often be cross written to save space. When we left, we saw the fall Elders across the street rehearsing their Elders Songs and Stories show by the singing tree. We said a quick hello and headed off to the Riser Boot Shop to catch the character encounter. It was an interesting tour and we got to see how shoes can be made out of something so simple. Once we finished, Elder Hardy was in an adventurous mood decided to explore the rest of the house. He checked out the basement, which there was nothing there. Then we made his way upstairs to check out the site missionaries break room. We all posed for a picture as to capture ourselves in a moment in time of the 1840’s. Once we finished, we all were on our way back home to grab some quick dinner before our final sunset! The tech elders had made us an interesting dish from the depths of their ramen supply. We all left early to go in front of the temple to take pictures. However, everyone was there except for the stage sisters and we waited a bit for them to show up. We took a quick picture of all our summer NPM’s before heading to the sunset stage. We got there and had our last pre-show meeting. During this, each of us went around and said one word that described a meaningful sunset memory. I chose “Hope”. Before the meeting ended, all of the Marlowe elders pulled Elder Maner into the middle of the room and gave him a gift we had been preparing for a while. I got him a stuffed dog with a voice box inside. On the voice box it had all of us saying the phrase “Maner you dog!” as a part of a long running joke in our district. He liked it and everyone had a good laugh about it. We also threw in a dog bone to go with it. Before the show started, everyone was doing their best stretches and getting limber before the best show of their lives. We went on to do our last show and gave it literally 110%. It was quite toasty, but that wasn’t going to stop us now. For my final Salty Sam bit that I do with Elder Shaw, we did our usual spit-take that we’d been doing for weeks. However, I took an extra sip (as Elder Shaw and I had planned) and did a spit-take at Sister Shaw. She later said she knew something was wrong when I took that second sip. She however had to embrace it and tilted her head slightly away as she saw it coming. It was all fun and games. For each and every number that we did tonight, we gave every ounce of being that we had to making it the best show. Once we got to the end at “Abide With Me”, I saw a lot of people started to get a little misty eyed. In our Old Fashioned Day Reprise, we planned to say “One Last Time” before singing instead of “One More Time”. This made our reality all the more real. Once we finished our final pose, pretty much the whole audience stood up and clapped for us. Elder Furch then came up on stage and said a few remarks and told the audience that this was the Summer Cast’s last performance. This part made a couple more people even more teary eyed. I didn’t seem to cry as I was huffing and puffing from being out of breath the whole show (make that every show). We got to talk to a few audience members before we needed to take all of our costumes off and dispose of them to sister Lunt. Afterwards, we loitered for a bit talking backstage whilst the Fall cast was trying to conduct a rehearsal on stage. It was so sweet, a bunch of the site sisters and other visitors brought us some treats to celebrate our last show. Once we were finished backstage, we headed to the pavilion behind the Hatch house to enjoy some cake-pops for Sister Andersen’s birthday. We didn’t stay too long before heading home. Once we got home, all the Marlowe Elders got in our pj’s and enjoyed hot coco and sweet conversations!",id=1uP-z8saPVARafZ4JYIO0PpxdvURKrkSh$%$Millie Unsworth,8/6/2024,"Tuesday August 6, 2024, VIOLIN SISTER!","HELLO MY FELLOW MISSIONARIES!!! 💕Holy cow it’s a LONG one so buckle in, I have a LOT to say!Guys I was so nervous when I found out I was writing the journal for today because I thought I would just cry all day BUT it ended up being a huge blessing! Today has been a special and sacred day.And wow so much happened so I’m gonna try to include all that I can.In the morning we all WENT TO THE TEMPLE WOOOO which was so awesome, we spent time cleaning, eating as much food from our fridges as we could, and packing our suitcases :( Us in the Hatch house were only able to complete our cleaning checks on time because Sister Redd called us all into the living room and gave us a pep talk and told us what needed to be done. I don’t think I’ve ever cleaned as fast in my life.We also had our group photo by the temple with ALL 300ish missionaries and had our cast dinner! Elder Furch asked us to share a word that described our companion and why and it was honestly so sweet and made me so happy to hear. Our companions definitely knew us better then the rest of us, so I felt like I was seeing a different side of everyone!We also did paper plate awards which were ICONIC.SOME of my favorite awards (I don’t remember everyone’s SO SORRY, but I’ll put down the ones I remember the best):- Sister Daurio’s ‘committed to the bit’ award 🪱- Sister Smith’s ‘baby bear’ award- Elder Poyfair’s ‘tug to the 💨’ award- Elder Brenchly’s ‘I forgot the hymn’ award- Sister Harmon’s ‘most likely to be the duck person award’ AND THEN SHE WAS THE DUCK PERSON HUH????- Elder Jackman’s ‘most likely to be one of the three nephites’ award- Elder Weeks ‘bars.’ award- Sister Andy’s ‘girl.’ award <3- Sister Shaw’s ‘YEEHAW’ award- Elder Pyrah’s ‘levitation’ award- Sister Oman’s ‘poet and you didn’t know it’ award- Elder Stephani’s ‘master bag weaver’ award - Sister Anderson’s ‘INDIANA’ award- Sister Frei’s ‘mouth trumpet Loui Armstrong’ award- Sister Robinson’s ‘most likely to be an undercover ice cream truck driver’ award- Elder Maner’s ‘Disney princess’ award- Elder Hall’s ‘bad jokes’ award- Sister West’s ‘accent master’ award- Elder Wankier’s ‘ooOooOOOohh’ award- Sister Franz’s ‘NO KNIVES IN THE DISHWASHER’ award- Elder Coblentz’s ‘nightmarenightmarenightmare’ awardAND SO MANY MORE!!!! (This is already getting too long or else I would include everyone’s 😀)BUT my favorite part of the day was TESTIMONY MEETING!Coming together to share our testimonies and to feel the spirit so strongly was an incredible experience that I will never forget! I wanted all of us to be able to remember our testimonies so I tried to write down a couple main points from what everyone said Testimony meeting:We sang invocation to open Sister Garner- Heavenly Father hears and answers all of our prayers. He is with us. Sister Smith- Through the atonement our sins are forgiven!Sister Frei- Our Heavenly Father loves each of us. Through the power of Jesus Christ we can receive strength.Sister Franz- God planned us to all be here at this time, for each other. Friendship is eternal. Elder S Smith- We were all sent here at this time and we will perform together in the celestial kingdom. Elder Brenchley- Heavenly Father knows each and every one of us. He knows how to use our talents to build his kingdom.Elder Schnebly- I came very close to Jesus Christ in Nauvoo. Thought it would be all about the tech, but I have learned and grown so much. Elder Jackman- We are all here for a reason. Repentance is real. Through his grace we can become something even greaterSister K Anderson- Family history is important. We can learn and grow from the past through the stories of the saintsSister West- God hears our prayers and answers them. He heard the saints and will comfort and guide us as he did themElder Stephani- The lyrics of I know he lives. Sister Bennett- the lords hand is in our lives every day. He knows each of us perfectly the same way he knew the saints. Elder Wilson- tender mercies will continue to come. We have know idea how many young people we’ve influenced. Elder Larson- there’s no way the restoration could’ve occurred without a Godly miracle. Prayer brings peace and comfort. Sister Shaw- The gospel brings so much joy. No matter the circumstance, Christ understands and will bring you joy. Sister E Andersen- As we turn to him, we will find mercy, healing, and knowledge. Gods hand is in every aspect of our lives.Sister Daurio- I’m not sure if Nauvoo needed me, but I needed Nauvoo. I know through Jesus Christ our hearts can be softened. Nauvoo has changed my life! Sister Barrus- I’m so grateful for the saints we’ve gotten to portray and share their stories to hundreds. Nauvoo is home. Sister Grover- The Lord has a plan for us. During the hard times, we can come closer to him and his resorted gospelElder Lemon- “I don’t know a whole lot, but Jesus Christ can change us”. Elder Call- Nauvoo had stayed the same, same stories and landscape, but it’s always been hard to leave. The church has been restored to the earth by the prophet Joseph smith. Sister Oman- poem. He is preparing us for the work!Sister Hailstone- 1 Nephi 13:37. We have built Zion here together and created our own covenant community. This is the work of the lord Jesus Christ. He lives. Sister Robinson- I didn’t know I could have so much love for strangers. I have learned from each of your examples and that has helped me become a better missionary. Elder Maner- I have been able to learn about the savior through each of you. I know He lives. Being a missionary is one of the greatest things we can do in this life. Elder Black- I have changed so much by being out here in Nauvoo. Heavenly father’s love is infinite. Joseph Smith is a true prophet and his is the only true church. Elder Ferrin- I have the best seat in the house during Sunday concerts. thank you for your love of the savior. Elder Weeks- the lord has provided a lot of strength during his journey in Nauvoo. The lord is here pushing our carts. Elder Kesler- challenge: have no man down in this group. Be there for each other. Keep in touch through the battle of life. Look after each other. We came here for each other, to love each other. Elder Hardy- We can feel the presence of the saints in Nauvoo. Everything we were able to experience Elder Poyfair- God is the literal father of our spirits. The sacrament will help us remember him and can change us. Elder Pyrah- I love all of you. We will all see each other again in the next life!! Sister Unsworth- Missionary work is incredible and has changed my life. God tailors experiences for each of us to help us become who we are today!!!!!!!Sister A Anderson- I know that every person is here was meant to be here. The whole reason we are here is the process of becoming. Thank you. Elder Shaw- The power of god truly has rested over this mission. The power of the priesthood is real. Never underestimate what Jesus Christ can do with your 5 loaves and 3 fishes. The unknown we are jumping into has Jesus Christ with us.Elder Coblentz- 3rd verse of come let us anew had brought a lot of comfort to me this summer. This is a gospel of joy and hope. Our efforts are magnified to bless others and ourselves. Sister Lunt- Thank you for loving. Loving her family, loving the visitors, and loving the savior. Sister Kesler- When I was young I heard a talk about how there’s a big difference between feeling emotion and feeling the spirit. I love you so much. Each of you. Am I feeling the spirit? Or am I feeling love? -it doesn’t matter, it’s all the same. Sister Haywood- Before coming here, I felt very overwhelmed and anxious. But God saw me. No matter my imperfections and inadequacies, I can do all things through Christ. Sister Wilson- Our Heavenly Father loves you. The spirit you feel right now, if you follow that you will stay strong. Missionary work is the greatest work. You have changed our lives Elder A Smith- There is peace in Christ. Sister Beuer- Who knew a clarinet could touch a visitor? Jesus Christ magnifies our efforts.Elder Joyner- God is in the details and his timing is so perfect. If we trust in him, it will all work out. This is the right time for all of us to be here. Elder Lunt- your spirit touches my heart. Thank you so much for sharing in this wonderful experience this summer. I know that God lives. Jesus is the Christ and has atoned for all of our sins. Joseph Smith is the prophet of the restoration. Sister Ferrin- we are all witnesses of each others lives. We are witnesses of the early saints that were here. Heavenly Father blesses us in so many ways. I love watching you all performing. Jesus Christ is truly our brother. The spirit here is so strong. Sister Sexton- I love you. I know Heavenly Father loves you. I know this church is true and our savior lives. President Nelson is a true prophet.Elder Hall- Christ is the savior of the world abroad and personally. I know that the restoration is true. I know that Joseph smith was a true prophet. I don’t think it, I know. When we come into Christ, he shows us our weaknesses to make us humble. I love you. God loves each of you.Sister Redd- I finished the whole Book of Mormon on this mission! Zion is where the righteous are, that’s us. Elder Sanders- love is such a powerful tool. That’s what Christ is all about, and that’s what I have felt from all of you. Sister Harmon- I know that God is a God of miracles. I’ve seen miracles every single day here, not just in Nauvoo but they will be with you as you continue on. Elder Wankier- we all have incredible and special spiritual gifts. I could not be more grateful to call each of you friends. The time is now, that happy time. Sister Furch - I see you reaching out and carrying each other, it’s such a light to see that Christlike love. You’re strong. Put him first. Continue to live in the gospel and feel the joy. Well done ye true and faithful servants. You’ve lifted so many people and lighted their hearts!Elder Furch- Nauvoo needed all of you. It needed every little thing you had to to offer. The Lord had a hand in how everyone was selected. In so many ways, the Lord needed you here. It’s always missionary first. We are so grateful to be a part of an amazing program with amazing leaders. People who really love each other and are willing to sacrifice can create a covenant community. All of you have such profound skills that can uplift, and build people up. Sister Mehr- I look out on you and see the cornerstone of Zion. You have been essential to bring your message of Jesus Christ to all of our visitors. You’ve done a great work. You have within you because of your covenants, the power of God. Go out and create Nauvoo bubbles, cornerstones of Zion. Your light shines. You will leave a hole in our Nauvoo bubble but we hope you will go out and share what you learned here in Nauvoo. President Mehr- those who are leaders will take soon themselves the burdens of others. We are leaders. We can heal people. Who heals the healer? As you go back and take off your tag, you are the healers, you healed these people. People felt connected because of you and were healed. Who heals the healer? My witness to you is that the savior is the healer. In the most difficult times remember you are a healer as well. You healed so many of Gods children, and for that, he will exalt you. If you remain faithful, a healer, enduring until the end, ye shall have a crown of immortality and eternal life. Godspeed. Lord will thou fill my soul was so powerful while we closed. And as I stood there in the cultural hall, I realized the angels were singing with us. How lucky we are to have an experience like this!One of my favorite parts of the Nauvoo pageant is when Parley P Pratt says, “Out of small things preceded things that were great.”I feel like this applies to a great number of us! Look at how we’ve changed and who we’ve become over the past three months. God will take our 5 loafs and 3 fishes and feeds thousands! He can change our lives and help us become more like him as long as we seek for it. All I did was make a short audition video, not even expecting a callback, but the Lord saw my efforts! And he brought me to Nauvoo. And because of it he has saved me!Remember HE will always be with YOU if YOU choose HIM. Nauvoo has changed my life. It has shown me the strength of the saints and the power of their faith. It has made clear my weaknesses but also humbled and refined me, as I’m sure for all of us. It has lifted me up through one of the most difficult times of my life and shown me that God does hear my prayers! It has taught me about the temple and how important it is to keep our covenants! It has given me some of the sweetest friendships and memories that I’ll hold onto for the rest of my life!!! It has become a place where I know I can feel my saviors love. A place that I can call home. Nauvoo is a sacred place where I know angels walk the streets and I feel so many emotions now that I’m leaving. But I thank God everyday for sending me here and giving me this experience, and for giving me all of you! If you made it this far, I’ll give you a high five and a treat. But oh man.I love this gospel and I love the savior. I love being a missionary, and I love Nauvoo!🤍🤍🤍I love you all more than words can say, and I’m so thankful that we were all sent to Earth at this time, for each other! Remember. Remember Nauvoo and the joy it brought you. Remember the saints and their faith! And remember how much your Heavenly Father loves you! -Sister Unsworth","https://drive.google.com/open?id=1yFZJmLkUxgeQbdtBT0XtqhJeNJ3VnnpQ, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1GdtpwHwpNdGLOOogzme3n-1fGiWLHNPc, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1vODk6d7lwMh0ffFZXf6bUo-J5I9VCcld, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1PJ2dWyAcsYmBxqyp55MHH5_IXS_53FKg, https://drive.google.com/open?id=15GvNKy1PTx_oDK2vF1MiwU7xSw6WYrzA, https://drive.google.com/open?id=1loWrcjEAfORzhB7TpOQ2SBKDFs0HPplL"$%$Lynn Hall,8/7/2024,Wednesday; Band,"I awoke at 7am in the Stone House for the last time. I prayed with Elder Jackman and Elder Lemon for the last time. Okay, I'll stop writing ""for the last time"" now. I showered and changed into the class A uniform (AKA proselyting or Sunday best). I put all my remaining things into my backpack, except my towel, shampoo, toothpaste, and toothbrush. Those things I threw away or left for the Fall Elders who would be staying and moving in. I skipped breakfast. I was feeling pretty anxious as I packed everything up and cleared my bed. There was a light at the end of the tunnel, and I was hoping it wasn't a train. Anybody hear a train coming?Anyways, we drove to the visitor's center west parking lot, where the Fall cast was there to wave us off. It was also Elder Davis' 18th birthday, so the summer and fall stage elders did their happy birthday dance right before we left. We sang Let Us All Press On and Fill My Soul and Sister Frei offered a final prayer as a zone of NPMs. After which, Elder and Sister Wilson sorted us into our various vans. I rode with Elders Sam Smith, Stephani, Poyfair, Black, and Lemon and Sisters Frei, Grover, Kendra Andersen, and Garner. I said my final goodbyes to Elder Smith, Elder Jackman and others, including Sister Foote, my friend from 2021. I sat next to Elder Poyfair, and we talked about several things, including the new hymnbook, music therapy, and the future of education. At the airport terminal was everyone heading to Idaho: Elders Sam Smith, Weekes, Black, and myself, and Sisters Grover, Kendra Andersen, and Garner. Sister Frei was with us for a bit before leaving for her Minnesota flight. Elder Lemon likewise had to leave for a different flight, but only after we landed in Denver after the first flight.That pretty much covers it. That's all folks... Just kidding!""And so it was for those who performed across Nauvoo, shared their testimonies, and followed God's spirit into their next chapter of life. The fire of their covenants sustained them through every toil, privation, and trial. For we know now as I know that God lives, He is our Father in Heaven, and His Son is our Savior and Redeemer, even Jesus Christ. He guides us each through His servants as we seek to follow Him. With the many Saints, our brothers and sisters, who walked those Nauvoo roads so long ago, we testify that Joseph Smith was a prophet called of God to restore His Church and His gospel in these latter days. And today we are blessed to be guided by a living prophet in our time, even Russell M. Nelson. And now I would invite you to ponder the things that you’ve received today—the histories you’ve read but, but more importantly, the things you’ve felt. And when in future days or years you face your own unknowns, I hope you will remember Nauvoo and those whose faith made it holy ground. God bless you, my friends, my brothers and sisters in Christ. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.",id=1yJapS8wXW0y-tZcS__rEDMikcbsOoVFi$%$Feel The Spirit of Nauvoo,8/8/2024,Leaders,"Ferrin's verse:Hello we are the Ferrins, the leaders of the band, such joyful music can be heard!Please join in making merry, the wagon will be very!We're so glad you're here to help us spread the word!Lunt's verse:Even though we're a bit nervous, we're the Lunts at your service.I'll do all the sewing for the crew...That's YOU!We come from Brigham City, but we find Nauvoo so pretty that we're happy to be here with all of you! Furch's verse;His name's Derrick, Her name's Nancy, and we're really nothing fancy.but were happy to assist you one and all. While you're out here in Nauvoo, and you have so much to do, just ask the Furches...please don't hesitate to call!Kesler's verseIf ya need a cup o' watah,Place to lay yer head-ya oughtta,Call the Keslers and we'll jump right to yer aid!Fill the jug up fer yer thirstin,Clean the outhouse if yer burstin!If yer really nice, ya might get Gatorade!Smith's verse:We used to be athletic, Now he's only just a medic.My, oh my, how time doth go!She's always been my honey, Now, I hand out mission money.It's a good thing the church has lots of dough!",id=1ZSYfkOk62w1bUvgxBhoo_AMOdXgKZSFG$%$President & Sister Mehr,8/9/2024,President,"Our first meeting with the Summer Cast and Band was a devotional at the Red Brick Store. President Mehr requested a song and Elder Furch suggested “Where Two or More Are Gathered”. When you each stood and sang, there was an overwhelmingly powerful spirit in the room, which brought us both to tears. We could feel of your deep love for the Savior and your excitement to bear witness of Him through music—which you did—day after day, performing for thousands, bringing the spirit to halls and theaters and trails and meadows of Nauvoo. You have blessed each visitor and missionary with your musical testimony of the restored gospel of Jesus Christ, through experiences that will endure in their hearts and memories. We feel extremely blessed to have become reacquainted with you now in mortality, after having worked together in our pre-mortal estate! We testify —with prophets—that you have been foreordained as His servants, as faithful disciples of Christ, to witness of His name. In Nauvoo, you have been ministering elders and sisters first, sharing the light and joy of the gospel; and secondly, you have been performers—singing and dancing praise to His name. You will continue to find joy in this—ministering to others and witnessing of His name first in all you do as performers and professionals. We know that He will be with you as you cherish the covenants you have made in His house. He will go before your face, and be on your right and and on your left, and His angels will be round about you to bear you up. Thank you for a treasured, joyful summer! We love you deeply and thank you for your dedicated service and consecrated hearts,President and Sister Mehr",id=1tMAXBYBWvUFCVjpY3H27S6kYV2fwvbHQ